Doctor: Hello?
Patient: Hello?
Doctor: Hello? Hello. Can you hear me?
Patient: Okay, I can hear you, but I can't really see you.
Doctor: That's perfect.
Patient: Is that okay? Am I meant to just. Connection on the screen?
Doctor: It's audio. No, no, it's absolutely fine. Now, before I go any further, can I confirm your name and your age?
Patient: So my name is dan Chowdhury. I am 7. 27.
Doctor: 27. Okay. And how can I help you this afternoon, Dan?
Patient: So I've just been having some troubles basically in the. I guess it's been a little while now, and I've just been feeling not so great. And it's all come from like, it's like. Basically I think it's diarrhea and it's like, just coming out, like loads of it. Like, I go to the toilet and it's just super watery and it. Yeah, it doesn't feel very solid. So it just. It's just pouring straight from my bum and like just coming out and it's. Yeah, it's just not. Not being very pleasant and like, I just. It just kind of hasn't. Doesn't feel like it's getting better, so.
Doctor: Wow. No, Sorry to hear. I think that there's a lot going on there. Well, when did it all start, your symptoms?
Patient: So I think it was a few, when I think about it. So Monday, Tuesday. I. I saw. I think it was about three. It's been about three days now.
Doctor: Okay. And is it mainly diarrhea? So you mentioned watery stools. How many times are you going a day, would you say?
Patient: So I. I feel like it's like almost every hour I'm awake. Okay.
Doctor: You're losing a lot of fluid there.
Patient: Yeah. So, I mean, I'm. I'm trying to drink a lot of water, but. Yeah, it's just quite a lot and it's. Yeah, I think I. I feel like it's just. Just fluids coming out.
Doctor: Okay. Have you noticed any blood in your stools?
Patient: So I. No, I don't remember anything. Like. No, I, I think it's just nothing like that. There's nothing like that.
Doctor: And any, any tummy pain? Any, Any, any pain in your tummy? With.
Patient: Yeah, I mean, I, It. I feel. I feel a cramp and then. And then I know it's time to go. Right. So around every hour I just feel something come up and then I have to go. So. Yeah, I mean, that's, that's the kind of the first sign.
Doctor: Where is this crampy pain? Which part of your tummy?
Patient: It's kind of. I say when I. If I think about it, it's like. It's like at the bottom. I don't know if that makes sense.
Doctor: What do we start with? Is it. Is it in the middle or is it to one particular side?
Patient: I think it feels pretty like in the middle to me. Not on any side. Left or right.
Doctor: Okay. And this is pain come and go or is there constantly?
Patient: It comes and goes. It comes and goes.
Doctor: Okay, and if I was to ask, in a scale of 1 to 10, 10 being the worst pain you ever had, how bad is this pain?
Patient: Okay, so, like. So what do you mean by pain? So I. I think it's maybe is.
Doctor: This pain that's making you double over? Is 10. Is it 10 out of 10 the worst pain you've ever had? Or is it more of a kind of a mild pain, like a 3 out of 10?
Patient: I guess. So I'm. When I think about it, like, when I get it, I can pretend that I don't feel it. So I can still sit down and I can still, like, cover it up and people don't really notice. I don't know what that means, but maybe is that like a six or seven?
Doctor: Okay. All right, good. Pain and diarrhea. Any other symptoms, like nausea, vomiting?
Patient: Yeah, I definitely. I definitely feel kind of nauseous, like. And like, I have vomited. And when I, like, I think it's maybe something to do with, like, whenever I have, like, milk or something like that, I just feel like I want to vomit. And actually, yeah, one time I just, like, had some milk and I just completely vomited it.
Doctor: Okay.
Patient: I've been trying to avoid it, but.
Doctor: Yeah, the vomiting is not as pronounced as the diarrhea. Is that right?
Patient: Sorry, could you repeat that?
Doctor: The vomiting is not as prominent as the diarrhea, right?
Patient: No, it's not.
Doctor: Okay. Okay. All right. Any other symptoms, like fevers or temperatures?
Patient: So, yeah, I think I am pretty. I feel kind of really hot all the time, and I. Pretty sure I'm burning up. I haven't actually done any temperature reading or anything like that, but it's. Yeah.
Doctor: Okay.
Patient: I'm not, like. Not a normal temperature.
Doctor: Okay, so you're feeling hot. Okay. In terms of your water works? Are you passing urine? Okay.
Patient: Yeah, but I guess less frequently maybe, but it seems to be okay.
Doctor: Okay. All right, fine. And you mentioned three days ago is when it all kicked off. Are you aware of any triggers? I mean, have you, for example, go now, have some takeaway food? Have you been around anyone else? And with diarrhea, for example, So.
Patient: I know. So my, my brother has had, actually had something like this for. He has it as well, for five days as well. And I, I, I'm not. Yeah, I can't think of what, what the trigger is for me. I mean, my brother normally can deal with. Deals with this stuff a lot better than me, but. Yeah, that's. Why.
Doctor: Is your brother now better?
Patient: He. So he's been like this for five days? I think he's getting better, but I'm not, I'm not really sure. He said, he said he had, he's had something for a little while as well.
Doctor: Okay. All right. Are you having anything to eat? A drink? I can see you're drinking your coffee, but are you keeping it down? Are you keeping your fluids down?
Patient: So it just feels like the fluids do go down, but it just feels like it's going straight through. Just feels like it's going straight through.
Doctor: Okay. All right, fine. When was the last time you had anything solid to eat? Which kept, which, which you kept in.
Patient: So I had some, I mean, I had some lunch today, but again, it just come out pretty loose.
Doctor: Okay. All right. And Dan, moving forward, are you otherwise fitting well or do you have any other medical history?
Patient: So I, Yeah, I think otherwise I'm fit. Well, yeah, I mean, I'm an okay weight and I can't think of any related medical history. I mean, like, my. Yeah, no, I don't think so.
Doctor: I'll take it. You don't take any regular medications then?
Patient: So I. No, I mean, I, I've been taking some, like, paracetamols and stuff like that lately, but I haven't been, I'm not on any regular medication or anything like that.
Doctor: Okay. And do you have any allergies to any medications?
Patient: So I don't have any allergies that I know of.
Doctor: Okay. What about any family history? Do you have any family history of bowel problems?
Patient: So would bowel, like, is the colon, like something?
Doctor: Yeah. So what I mean by bowel is the whole gut really Anything from the mouth?
Patient: So. Yeah. My dad actually has colon cancer at the moment.
Doctor: Oh, dear. I'm very sorry to hear that. How is he?
Patient: So, from what I heard, he's kind of. So I don't, I don't speak to him that often, so I don't, I don't know the exact details, and I, I don't exactly know the full things of, like the steps of cancer and all that thing, but he's sort of in his third stage. I'm not sure what that means exactly.
Doctor: Yeah, okay.
Patient: Yeah. So yeah, it's, it's. He's. Yeah, you can, I can see he's kind of weaker and it's affecting me a lot and that's quite. I, I guess he's had it for a little while now.
Doctor: I'm really sorry. I'll make a note of that because it's always important to know these kind of details and socially. Tell me more about your home situation. Who's at home with you? Dan.
Patient: So not my brother. He doesn't live with me. I'm. I live with my um, sister and my mum.
Doctor: Okay. And how are things at home?
Patient: In what sense?
Doctor: Do you mean that in general day to day life, are you managing okay? Any particular.
Patient: I mean I think yeah, it's been, it's been tricky going to work with all of this. I dislike taking time off work. I feel like I, I just want to go when I can. So I try and go, I think at home. Yeah. I just haven't really. I, I don't normally actually eat with my family. I normally, I'm buying stuff and that kind of thing. So I don't think it's affected them and I haven't really been. I haven't really gone into detail with my sister, my mom about it. Yeah. I just rather deal with these things.
Doctor: So you mentioned work. What is it you do for work?
Patient: So I work at a. I work at an office in central London. It's. So I work in government.
Doctor: Okay.
Patient: So.
Doctor: Okay. Right. Just a couple of last final couple of questions. Smoking and alcohol. Do you either do you smoke or do you drink much in the way of alcohol?
Patient: So I smoke, I smoke for like socially but not like regularly. So normally if it's a Friday or something like that, I might, I might have a cigarette or something like that. But sorry.
Doctor: And alcohol.
Patient: So alcohol, you know, I might have a beer during the weekdays, maybe not that many. Maybe on Fridays I have more alcohol but yeah, buy a lot more units on it. I suppose not every week but maybe once or twice a month that. Yeah, I'll go out with my friends and we'll drink a lot. So that, that's. Yeah.
Doctor: Well thank you for sharing with me. That's very helpful to know. So Dan, just as a conclusion, just to wrap it all up, I think your symptoms are suggestive of something called gastroenteritis.
Patient: Okay.
Doctor: A bit of a basic infection of your tummy. There's nothing to worry about. I suspect this will just settle down in the next few days. Just like I did for your brother. Make sure. You drink plenty of fluids. Okay.
Patient: You can just drink like normal water. I just feel like every time I drink water coming out probably.
Doctor: But I am obviously worried about the fact that you are losing minerals and vitamins. So you can get things like diurelite, which is a fluid replacement we can get from the pharmacy. It's probably worth recommending that.
Patient: Do I need like a prescription for that?
Doctor: No, you can just get over the counter.
Patient: Okay.
Doctor: You can try just, you know, regular paracetamol if you are feeling feverish. But if your symptoms aren't settling down in the next couple of days, so 48 hours, I want you to give me a call back because, you know, if you are getting dehydrated, then we need to do further investigations. Okay. But I think let's. Let's see how you are the next one to two days. Okay. And we'll catch up soon. Okay.
Patient: Okay. So you're saying that I should. I could. I'll try and buy this diary. Like what. What should I do in terms of food and that kind of thing? Should I just focus on fluids?
Doctor: Yeah, absolutely. So clear fluids you can use soft diet, things like soup, mash, and then gradually build up as much as your body can tolerate. But really, let's try and keep yourself well hydrated first. Okay?
Patient: Okay. Is it okay for me to carry on having like paracetamol and things like that?
Doctor: Absolutely. If you are having. If you've got bit of tummy pain, if you're feeling feverish, then I think paracetamol is very sensible. Okay. Okay. Try and avoid alcohol if you can.
Patient: Okay, I'll try.
Doctor: Yeah. Okay. All right, Dan. Okay. Thank you for your help.
Patient: All right. Thank you very much. Thanks.
