Doctor: There's no delays. Hi. Hello.
Patient: Hi there.
Doctor: Hello there. Thanks for. Thanks for being here. Before I go any further, can I confirm your name and your age, please?
Patient: Yes, it's Adriana Katranjieva and I'm 26 year old.
Doctor: Okay, Adriana, how can I help you this afternoon?
Patient: Well, I have this like really crazy headache that's been going on for a few days and. And it really annoys me.
Doctor: Oh, dear. Okay, when. When did I exactly start this headache?
Patient: Around three days ago, maybe.
Doctor: Three days ago. Okay, and whereabouts in your head is this pain?
Patient: It's basically like it kind of feels all over my head, but like mainly around my right eye.
Doctor: Okay. And is a headache there all the time or does it come and go?
Patient: It's. It kind of comes and goes, but I mean, it is there all the time, but like sometimes it's stronger.
Doctor: Okay. So it comes in fine. Okay. And if I ask you on a scale of 1 to 10, 10 being the worst type of pain you ever had, how would you rate this headache?
Patient: It's probably an 8.
Doctor: If I was to ask you to describe the headache to me in terms of the nature of the pain. Is it sharp, is it dull, is it crampy, is it throbbing?
Patient: It's kind of. It's dull, but sometimes it gets a bit sharper. So basically it like it developed gradually, I guess. It's like the first day it just started when I was at work and by the end of the day it was like pretty. Pretty, like it was a lot, basically. And then I was thinking, okay, maybe I'll just go to sleep. Then I woke up the next morning like it was even, even worse, basically.
Doctor: So you think the headache is getting worse over the last three days?
Patient: Yeah.
Doctor: Okay. Have you tried anything which has made a headache better?
Patient: So I tried ibuprofen. So I took like a few for the last two days, basically. But it doesn't really help. No, in the past did help me, which is why I decided to try it, but.
Doctor: Okay. All right. Except the headaches. Any other symptoms at all? So any problems? Your eyesight or your vision?
Patient: Not really, but just when it started I got this like weird shooting lights and like now like light is quite annoying my eyes.
Doctor: When you say annoying, does it hurt to look at bright lights?
Patient: Yeah, yeah, it hurts.
Doctor: Okay. And have you had any loss of vision or blurry vision?
Patient: Not loss of vision, I wouldn't say. It's just like some lights from shooting light speed.
Doctor: Any nausea or any vomiting?
Patient: Well, basically I'm sick with the headache, but I. No vomiting.
Doctor: When you say sick, you mean you feel sick? Okay? Yeah. No vomiting. Okay. Any neck pain or neck stiffness?
Patient: No.
Doctor: Okay. And any difficulty with speaking or speech?
Patient: No.
Doctor: Any difficulty with weakness in your arms and legs?
Patient: No. It's hard to focus though, so I had to take a couple of days off work actually.
Doctor: Oh, really? Okay. Okay, no problem. Well, I'll ask you a bit more about your work later on. Any recent head injuries at all?
Patient: No.
Doctor: Okay. And have you had anything like this before in the past?
Patient: Yeah. I mean. Headaches, you mean, or similar to.
Doctor: Similar to this kind of headache?
Patient: Yeah, I mean, I had, but usually after I take ibuprofen, it kind of goes away, so. But this time it's just not.
Doctor: Okay. Don't worry. Any temperatures or fevers?
Patient: No.
Doctor: Any rashes at all on your skin?
Patient: No, none of that I've noticed.
Doctor: Okay. And just moving forward, are you otherwise fit and well, Adriana?
Patient: Am I what? Sorry?
Doctor: Are you fitting well? Do you have any other medical history?
Patient: I think so. It's just a headache.
Doctor: Any history of migraines at all?
Patient: Not myself. I've never had a migraine, but my sister and my mum have them quite frequently.
Doctor: Okay, fine. I'll ask you a bit more about that in just a second. Before I go any further, can I ask, do you take any regular medication?
Patient: No.
Doctor: Are you on the pill?
Patient: No.
Doctor: Okay. Do you have any allergies to any medications?
Patient: Not that I know of.
Doctor: Okay. So you mentioned your mother and sister both have migraines.
Patient: Yeah.
Doctor: Is that normally well controlled or are they having difficulty controlling the symptoms?
Patient: So my sister's like, better. Like it kind of is very rare, but my mom's is like quite bad. Usually when there's like a season changing and stuff like that, it's. Yeah, takes her out for a few days, basically.
Doctor: Okay, fine. Socially. Tell me a bit more about your life outside of. Outside of work. Who lives at home with you?
Patient: I live with housemates, so three of them.
Doctor: Excellent. And are you working at the moment? You mentioned this impact on your work.
Patient: Yeah, so I work well, I work in it, so I work with computers a lot, so it kind of is difficult to focus. I had to like reduce the brightness of my screen.
Doctor: Okay. Do you wear glasses?
Patient: Yes, I do.
Doctor: Have you had a recent eye check done? Eye test?
Patient: No, I've been wearing them since I was five. Five year old.
Doctor: Okay. To bear in mind, if you feel like your eyes are straining, I would always recommend having a repeat eye test done. Have you been feeling more stressed or anxious at work? Recently?
Patient: Well, it's been a bit stressful kicking off a new project, but yeah, nothing out of the ordinary really.
Doctor: Okay. All right, great. Regarding smoking or alcohol, do you drink or smoke at all?
Patient: I socially smoke and I drink. Not only socially.
Doctor: Only socially. Okay. Right. Now, Adriana, do you have any ideas as to what could be causing your symptoms? Have you read anything online or spoken to people?
Patient: Not really. At first I thought it's stress or maybe I didn't drink enough water because sometimes when I don't drink enough water I get headaches, but I don't think that's it. And I'm like worried. I don't want it to be a migraine because I know what it's like from my mom and my sister and it's really annoying. So I really don't want to have that. And I know it's genetic, so I've researched that, but I don't know if that is the case.
Doctor: Is there anything in particular you were hoping I could do for you today?
Patient: Yeah, maybe just kind of. If you have any recommendations of. I can take something stronger because apparently ibuprofen doesn't help me. Usually it gets resolved if I have headache and like after like one or two days. But currently it didn't help me.
Doctor: How many tablets did you take of ibuprofen?
Patient: Three a day.
Doctor: Three a day. Okay. All right. So, Adriana, so really what I think is going on here, unfortunately, I do think this could be a headache very similar to migraine. The reason I say that is because the history is very suggestive of it. Given your mum and your sister also have migraines. I think it's something for us to think about. Now, I'm not saying it's going to keep happening, but it may just be a one off, but it's certainly worth treating it today with some stronger analgesia or painkillers. Now, moving forward, we have some options which we can discuss. You try the ibuprofen. Now, my only worry is I'm not sure whether you're taking the correct dose. You can take up to two tablets three times a day.
Patient: Oh, right.
Doctor: There's definitely room for improvement there. Or I can prescribe you something stronger like naproxen, which is another anti inflammatory, which can be helpful. We can also add in other painkillers like paracetamol or codeine, which might be helpful as well.
Patient: Yeah, I think codeine is what my mom takes for when she has migraines.
Doctor: Okay. I think it's only worth looking as I can give you a prescription for that today. With regards to the next few days, it may be worth keeping a headache diary so we can try and work out what's. If there's any triggers which could be causing your headaches to become worse. And I'd like you to come back and see me in about a week's time. Week to two weeks time. If you are having more frequent episodes of these type of headaches, we can think about giving you medications as prophylactic, which basically means medications to stop you from having these headaches on a regular basis. But we can have that discussion next time.
Patient: Okay?
Doctor: Okay. In the meantime, if your headaches aren't getting any better or they're getting worse, you know, I want you to give me a call or come back and see me sooner, okay?
Patient: Okay.
Doctor: If you have any problems with your vision or weakness in your arms and legs, or you're just not feeling very well, just give me a call and come back and see me.
Patient: Okay?
Doctor: All right, great. Great. We'll have a good day.
Patient: Thank you. You too. Bye.
