Doctor: Oh, now it is. Yes. Hello? Hi, can you hear me? Okay, great. Hello there. And before I go any further, can I confirm your name and your age, please?
Patient: Yes. So my name is Robert.
Doctor: Robert.
Patient: Yep.
Doctor: Okay.
Patient: I'm 48.
Doctor: Okay, great. Excellent. And how can I help you this afternoon, sir?
Patient: Right, so I've been having diarrhea for like, let's say, past three days, more or less.
Doctor: Okay, I'm sorry to hear that. Can you tell me a bit more about your diarrhea?
Patient: Yeah, so it's been a very bad diarrhea. So it keeps me, like. I keep going back and forth to the toilet very often.
Doctor: Word.
Patient: Yeah, it started like three days ago, and so it started with vomiting, so I vomited a couple of times, but then that went away. And, yeah, it's just diarrhea now.
Doctor: Okay. And you mentioned you've been going to toilet very often. How many times are you going a day?
Patient: Yeah, around five to six times a day.
Doctor: Okay. And can you tell me. I know it's not nice to talk about, but is it quite watery, your stools loose?
Patient: Yes, it's definitely watery. Loose stools? Yeah.
Doctor: Any blood in your stools?
Patient: No, not that I could see.
Doctor: Okay. And with the diarrhea, have you noticed any other symptoms, like tummy pain?
Patient: Not. Not really, no, But I. I feel like I can't really drink too much, so I feel very dehydrated.
Doctor: Okay, when you say you can't drink too much, why is that?
Patient: Yeah, because really I. I'm like. I feel like I don't drink enough. Like I'm. I'm drink. I'm trying to drink, but then I just go to the loo and I like, I. I poo everything and I feel dehydrated again.
Doctor: Okay. All right. Have you managed to eat anything? Solids?
Patient: Not much. Not much. So just a little bit, but I don't feel. I don't really feel like I have appetite.
Doctor: Okay, your appetite is reduced. Okay. With your. The vomiting is now stopped. Is that right? You said it.
Patient: Yes.
Doctor: Okay. All right. Have you any other symptoms like fever or temperature.
Patient: So. Not really. I feel a little bit warm. Probably at the beginning I was feeling. I had a bit of temperature, but now I feel. I feel kind of fine.
Doctor: Okay.
Patient: I feel very weak, though.
Doctor: Weak. Okay. All right. Any headaches or muscle pains?
Patient: Not really.
Doctor: Okay. All right. And you mentioned three days ago, what were you doing when the symptoms started? Are you aware of any triggers?
Patient: Not that I. That I remember. What was I doing? I. I was at home. I was working on my Computer. And, yeah, I just felt like some nausea and I had to vomit and then I had some diarrhea straight after that.
Doctor: Yeah. Did you have any takeaway food or any dodgy restaurant food?
Patient: Not that I remember.
Doctor: Have you been around anyone unwell with diarrhea recently? Last week or so?
Patient: Not that I know.
Doctor: Okay. Right. So moving on, are you otherwise fit and well?
Patient: Yeah, yeah.
Doctor: Okay. And do you take any regular medications?
Patient: So I do suffer of asthma, so I do have my nailers that I, you know, I use infrequently, let's say only when I have.
Doctor: Is that a blue inhaler? Is that the blue inhaler?
Patient: Yes, it is. Yeah.
Doctor: Okay. All right. Any other medications that you take?
Patient: No, nothing.
Doctor: Okay. Do you have any allergies to any medications?
Patient: Not that I know of.
Doctor: Okay. And any family history of many medical problems?
Patient: So. My father has high. Well, used to have high blood pressure. He actually. So he actually died of bowel cancer like 10 years ago.
Doctor: Okay. Okay. And what about your mother?
Patient: Oh, yes. So probably it's worth mentioning she has diabetes.
Doctor: Diabetes. Do we know if that's type one or type two?
Patient: It's type two.
Doctor: Okay. All right, fine. And just a little bit more about your life in general, sir. Who. Who's at home with you? Who lives at home with you?
Patient: Sorry?
Doctor: Who lives at home with you, sir?
Patient: Oh, I live alone.
Doctor: You live alone. Okay. Are you currently working at the moment?
Patient: Well, I haven't been able to work in the past few days, but yes.
Doctor: Like, what's your employment? What do you do for work?
Patient: I'm a software engineer.
Doctor: Okay. All right. Have you taken time off work recently?
Patient: Yes, yes, I have. These last three days I've been feeling really unwell, so I couldn't work.
Doctor: Okay, all right. And just last couple of questions was regarding your smoking and alcohol. Do you do either of those?
Patient: Not really. I drink infrequently, like socially, let's say, and I don't smoke.
Doctor: Okay. All right, fine. So, Robert, having listened to your story, I think you're probably suffering from what we call gastroenteritis, okay. Which essentially is just a tummy bug. It's an infection of your tummy and normally lasts for about three to five days and gets better.
Patient: All right?
Doctor: The things you can do to really help yourself get better soon, you can drink plenty of fluids, really try and flush the toxins out your body.
Patient: Okay?
Doctor: You can get things from the pharmacy, which called Diurelite, which can help replenish any minerals and vitamins you may have lost.
Patient: Sorry, what's the name of that.
Doctor: It's called Diurelite. It's a type of fluid replacement drink. You can take some paracetamol if you're feeling feverish and weak. Would probably advise you to continue taking time off work for next day or two until you get better. Normally you have to be diarrhea free for about 24 to 48 hours before you return back to work. Let's see how the next few days go. And if you're still not better next week, I want you to come back and see me and we can have another look at your symptoms. Okay?
Patient: That sounds good. That sounds good. Thanks so much.
Doctor: Do you have any questions for me or.
Patient: No, I think that's fine. Yeah, I'll try to rest and drink plenty of fluid and I hope it goes away. If it doesn't, I'll call back.
Doctor: I really hope you get better soon.
Patient: Thanks a lot. Thanks so much for your time.
Doctor: Bye Bye.
Patient: Okay, bye.
