Doctor: Alex.
Patient: Oh, hello. Can you hear me?
Doctor: Yeah.
Patient: Okay, great. How can I help you this morning, sir? Hi.
Doctor: So I've been feeling kind of under the weather for the past four days. It started with a sore throat and runny nose and it sort of. It's sort of going into a cough now. Sore throat is kind of going away, but I'm starting to cough.
Patient: Okay, sorry to hear that.
Doctor: Kind of bad and tired.
Patient: Okay, I'm sorry to hear. I seem like there's a lot going on there. So let's start with your. Your sore throat first. Tell me a bit more about that if you can.
Doctor: So I, you know, I think I. It all started with the colleague of mine. She just kept sneezing next to me all the time. I think her kids are catching something from the. From their kindergarten or something. And, you know, it started as normal sore throat and was quite painful for a couple days, but then it was fast.
Patient: Okay. Okay. Did you have any difficulty or pain on swallowing?
Doctor: Yeah, yeah, it was. It was quite painful to swallow. Okay. For one of the days.
Patient: Did you manage to have a look in the back of your throat in the mirror?
Doctor: No, not really, no.
Patient: Okay, you didn't, you didn't notice any abnormal white spots, redness at the back of your throat?
Doctor: No, I didn't think about looking.
Patient: That's okay. That's okay. And you mentioned the runny nose again. What kind of discharge is coming out? Is it clear or is it a bit more colored?
Doctor: Yeah, yeah, it's. It's clear, but sort of. Sort of getting my nose stuffed all the time. It's very hard to get it free.
Patient: Okay, so you feel quite congested, G. Yeah, quite congested. Okay, fine. You also mentioned a cough as well. Can you tell me more about that?
Doctor: Yeah, that started recently, like just maybe yesterday. And it's. It's dry for now. It's not very painful, but it's sort of there all the time.
Patient: Okay. And is it worth any particular time of the day?
Doctor: Sorry?
Patient: Is it. Is it worse at any particular time of the day? For example, in the evenings. Nighttime, mornings. Or is it throughout the day?
Doctor: No, it's. It's. It's sort of. It's sort of constant. I forgot to mention that I'm also having night sweats.
Patient: Night sweats. Okay.
Doctor: That's very odd actually. And to the. Makes me a bit tired.
Patient: I can imagine. Yes. And this is again been going on for last three, four days. Has it?
Doctor: Yeah. Yes.
Patient: Okay. Right. Okay. Have you noticed any fevers or temperatures at all?
Doctor: I had some fever in the beginning, but it's now sort of going down. I've been taking some paracetamol and I Bupren for that and they help.
Patient: That's very sensible. Very good. In terms of your chest, otherwise, have you any difficulty breathing or any pain in your chest?
Doctor: So no pain in the chest, but I noticed that I. So I feel a bit winded on exertion. So if I. I haven't been going to the gym best because of that.
Patient: When you say winded, do you feel more short of breath? Would you say on exertion? And that's mainly on exercise, but when you're resting, there's no problem?
Doctor: Yeah, yeah. When I'm resting, it's okay. So I've been actually going to work and sort of managing.
Patient: Just a couple other questions, sir, if you don't mind. Any pain in your ears at all?
Doctor: No.
Patient: You don't feel blocked or any discharge coming out of your ears?
Doctor: I don't think so.
Patient: Okay, fine. What I'm going to do, I'm going to run through a few. Yes. No questions if you don't mind. Just a review of your systems. Any headaches at all?
Doctor: Yeah, yeah, that's still there.
Patient: Whereabouts are the headaches?
Doctor: Just sort of general. And they're not always there, but, you know, every now and then they would come and go.
Patient: Okay. And with his headaches, have you any problems with your eyesight, your vision?
Doctor: No.
Patient: Any difficulty with seeing bright lights?
Doctor: No, I don't think so.
Patient: Okay. And just moving down now in terms of any feeling of nausea or any vomiting?
Doctor: None of that.
Patient: Tell me about your bowels. Are your bowels working okay?
Doctor: Yeah, yeah, I think so.
Patient: Passing urine okay?
Doctor: Yeah, yeah.
Patient: How's your appetite, sir?
Doctor: Yeah, I've been drinking a little bit more. More than the usual, but. So other than that, okay.
Patient: And you're eating and drinking. You're eating okay, otherwise?
Doctor: Maybe a bit less than what I would usually have.
Patient: Okay. Have you noticed any funny rashes at all on your skin?
Doctor: No. No.
Patient: And any general muscle pain or aches? Joint pain?
Doctor: Yeah, yeah, That's. That's sort of started in the past couple days.
Patient: Yeah. Okay. All right. And just have a look at the rest of your history. Are you otherwise fitting well or do you have any other medical problems I should be aware of?
Doctor: So otherwise that I'm fine. There's. There isn't anything that I'm taking or I'm being treated for?
Patient: Okay. You're otherwise fit and well. Any allergies at all to any medications.
Doctor: I should be aware Of, No.
Patient: Okay. Any family history at all? So anything relevant in the family that I should be aware of, thinking about? Diabetes, high blood pressure?
Doctor: Yeah, my grandma has diabetes.
Patient: Your brother?
Doctor: My grandma.
Patient: You say grandma. Sorry. My apologies. Grandma. Okay. Do you know what type of diabetes it is? Is it type one?
Doctor: I think it's type two.
Patient: Okay. Anything else which you think is significant?
Doctor: Yeah, I think one of my great granddads had an eczema.
Patient: Eczema. Okay. Okay. Just moving on to what we say. So, social history. Just get to know you a bit more as a person. Tell me, who do you live with at home?
Doctor: I live alone.
Patient: Okay. And you said you're working at the moment, is that right?
Doctor: Yeah, yeah.
Patient: What do you do for work?
Doctor: I'm an accountant. Okay.
Patient: And how's your work going at the moment? Has it been affecting your work?
Doctor: A little bit? I've been a bit slower and, you know, it's a bit of a stressful period. Just around the end of the year. Right.
Patient: Okay. Is that stress, Is that affecting your, your mood at all in any way?
Doctor: No, I think, I think it's, it's the, you know, it's the good kind of stress.
Patient: Okay.
Doctor: It's good work.
Patient: Well, if there's anything you ever want to talk to me, but you can always come and see me about your mood and stress, anxiety. We're happy to help.
Doctor: No, no, I, I, I like my job. It's just, you know, it's a bit more work than usual.
Patient: Okay. And just very briefly, in terms of smoking, do you smoke at all?
Doctor: Yeah, occasionally. No cigars and things on company parties.
Patient: Okay. So not, not regular.
Doctor: And what about alcohol? Occasionally, I would have some. I'm not a very big drinker.
Patient: Again, socially, with work. Okay.
Doctor: So.
Patient: So just having listened to your story, really, just to summarize, you know, last four days, you've been feeling generally quite unwell. Sore throat, runny nose, bit of a dry cough, bit of muscle pain, weakness, had an initial fever, but now settled, I don't think there's a lot to worry about. I think you probably have, you know, a bit of a viral, what we say viral illness, and maybe a viral upper respiratory tract infection or maybe early signs of a flu. It normally lasts for about seven to 10 days and just gets better, really, over time. But things you can do to really help yourself is get plenty of rest. I'll probably advise you taking a day or two of work if you can, making yourself, you know, pushing fluids and make yourself well hydrated, continuing with the regular paracetamol and ibuprofen, and we should see how things go. Really. If next week you're still better, I want you to come back and see me. Is that clear? Does that make.
Doctor: Yeah, that's all good. It makes sense. I think I'll take a couple of days off.
Patient: Yeah. And things to look out for. If you're really not getting better, if you have a high fever or your breathing is becoming a bit more labored, or chest pain, I'd like you to come back and see me much sooner. Give me a call and we can help you out. Okay?
Doctor: Yeah, I understood. I'll take care.
Patient: Great. Have a great day. Good luck with your work.
Doctor: Thank you.
Patient: Thank you.
