Doctor: Next door. Hello? Can you hear me okay?
Patient: Yeah, I can hear you.
Doctor: Right, excellent. Before I go any further, can I confirm your name and your age, please?
Patient: Sure. I'm Amanda Jackson and I'm 19 years old.
Doctor: 19 years old. Okay, Amanda. And how can I help you this afternoon?
Patient: So it's been going on for a few days now. It's not happened before. And I'm a bit worried. Worried? It hurts when I kind of pee and, yeah, it's like I'm going to the toilet a lot more and it's really like I can't, like, go to uni properly. I'm just, like, constantly looking for the toilet and it kind of hurts sometimes when I'm like, in the bottom of my tummy as well.
Doctor: Right, okay. I'm sorry to hear. There's a lot going on there and I can see why it's affecting you. So you mentioned it's been going on for the last three days, mainly the burning pain when you pass urine. You said you go into the toilet more often as well, is that right?
Patient: Yeah, it's been going on for a little bit longer than three days, I think. Actually maybe just under a week.
Doctor: Oh, in the week? Sorry, okay, sorry.
Patient: No, I didn't explain it properly before. Yeah, no, it's been going on for about just under a week. And, yeah, I noticed sort of burning stinging when I. When I go to the toilet. Yeah.
Doctor: Have you noticed anything in your urine, for example? Any blood or discoloration of urine?
Patient: I think, well, today I noticed it was like a bit pink. The urine? Yeah, I think just today.
Doctor: Have you noticed any kind of frank blood, I mean, red blood at all in your urine?
Patient: I think it was mixed in, probably. I don't know, it was pink, so.
Doctor: Okay, fine. We'll definitely explore that in a little bit more detail later on. You also mentioned some tummy pain as well. Can you tell me a bit more about that pain?
Patient: Yeah, it's kind of at the bottom of my tummy mainly when I go to the loo. I think that's when it's worse.
Doctor: Okay, can you describe as a crampy pain? Is it more of a burning pain?
Patient: I wouldn't describe it as crampy. I don't think it's like a period pain. It's a bit different. It's hard to say. An achy pain, I suppose.
Doctor: Achy pain. Okay. Does the pain move anywhere else? Does it move towards your back, towards your sides?
Patient: No. No.
Doctor: Okay. All right. Any other symptoms at all? For example, nausea, vomiting?
Patient: No.
Doctor: Nausea, vomiting Any temperatures or fevers?
Patient: No, no, not that I've noticed.
Doctor: Okay. All right. And how are your bowels at the moment? Are your bowels working? Okay.
Patient: I. I usually have a bit of problems with my bowels anyway, so I don't think it's any different.
Doctor: Okay.
Patient: From what it usually is.
Doctor: When you say you have problems, what kind of problems do you normally have?
Patient: I think I have ibs. So I just kind of pass my bowels, like quite, quite a lot. And sometimes it's quite. It's quite variable. Like sometimes it's a bit softer, sometimes it's bit. Sorry, this is a bit disgusting, but like sometimes it's a bit kind of hard to predict.
Doctor: Okay. All right. But you've noticed no new symptoms? No, no. No new symptoms in your bowels?
Patient: No, no, not that I.
Doctor: All right. And Amanda, sometimes we have to ask quite sensitive questions, as you can imagine. Can I ask, are you currently. Are you currently sexually active at the moment?
Patient: Yeah, I have a long term boyfriend.
Doctor: Okay. And have you noticed any other discharge from down below, so from the front passage?
Patient: No, I don't think so. Nothing unusual.
Doctor: Okay. Have you. Do you use any form of contraception?
Patient: Yeah, I'm on the pillow.
Doctor: What kind of pill? Is it a combined pill or the mini pill?
Patient: Combined pill.
Doctor: Okay, fine. When was the last time you had unprotected sex? If you don't want me asking.
Patient: I mean. I mean unprotected. Is it like. No. No condoms or anything?
Doctor: Yeah, exactly.
Patient: I guess because I don't really use condoms with my boyfriend. I don't know, we've just kind of agreed. So I guess a week ago? Two weeks ago.
Doctor: Okay. All right. What I'm trying to get at is whether there's any chance you could be pregnant at all. I know you're on the pill, but we do have to ask. When was your last period?
Patient: Two weeks ago.
Doctor: Two weeks ago. Okay. All right. Just something for us to bear in mind if your symptoms don't get any better. Okay, fine. In terms of your general health otherwise, at the moment, are you eating and drinking okay?
Patient: Yeah, yeah. Eating, drinking. Okay. I did have one kind of concern. I don't know. So I smoked. This is quite bad, but I smoked weed for the first time like a week and a half ago. I just wonder whether it's related at all. Probably not, but I just thought I'd get some advice from you.
Doctor: Sure. Well, thanks for sharing with me. So I don't think it is related to your symptoms. I think it's probably just pure coincidence. But, you know, I do strongly advise you to, you know, make it a regular habit if you can, just for your general health moving forwards. Okay, fine. Moving on. In terms of your health, otherwise, do you have any other medical conditions apart from the ibs? Is there anything else I should be aware of?
Patient: No.
Doctor: No. Okay, great. And what about any medications that you take on a regular basis? Apart from the combined pill?
Patient: Apart from the pill, I take something for the IBS as well. It begins with an M. It's really hard to pronounce. Like mebbe. Something.
Doctor: Yeah, okay.
Patient: Yeah, yeah, that's it. Yeah, yeah, that's right.
Doctor: Ended up with the cramps, the crampy pain. Yeah, yeah. And do you have any allergies, any medications?
Patient: Yeah, I think there was an antibiotic called Clindus, Clindamycin, like a couple years ago, something. And yeah, that. That didn't go too well right with me.
Doctor: Okay, sure. I'll make a note of that. In terms of family history, any history of problems with the bladder or the kidneys?
Patient: No.
Doctor: No. Anything else? Good. And socially, tell me a bit more about your home situation. Who's at home with you?
Patient: So I am living in halls at the moment, uni, so I'm just living with a flatmate, I suppose, but my family live kind of outside of London, not too far away. So yeah, my family are fine and I see them now and then.
Doctor: Very good.
Patient: Yeah. Things I think. I think. Okay, generally.
Doctor: Great. And what are you studying at university?
Patient: I'm studying English.
Doctor: English. Okay, good. And how are you enjoying your course?
Patient: Yeah, yeah, it's going well, thanks. Just kind of started a few months ago. Yeah, I really enjoy it. Good.
Doctor: In terms of smoking and alcohol, do you do participate in either?
Patient: As I admitted before, I tried weed the first time, but I don't smoke. I drink occasionally socially with friends.
Doctor: Okay. What made you have your first joint last week?
Patient: It was just a party. There were other people doing it. I kind of was a little bit tipsy, so probably was thinking quite straight. But yeah, I completely agree. It's not something I want to get into on a regular basis.
Doctor: Sure. And obviously, as your doctor said, they look after you say, I would strongly recommend you to avoid as you can. Great, fine. So at this age, I wouldn't normally examine you, but I think based on your story, I think I'm reassured by the fact. I think it's probably just a simple, what we say, UTI or cystitis, bladder infection, you know, you haven't got any other symptoms that suggest to me that there's anything to worry about. So things like fevers and back pain would be more worrying for me to hear. So something we can treat quite readily with antibiotics. So we've got choice to antibiotics, something called trimethoprin or nitrofurantoin, which is a three day course normally. They're usually quite effective for your symptoms. It's probably worth giving us a urine sample as well, if you can, so we can send it off to the lab, see exactly what's going on there. Start the antibiotics, make sure you're well hydrated, drink plenty of fluids. If you are having some pain, simple paracetamol would probably be advisable. We'll see what the urine sample shows and if it is indeed positive, we'll know which antibiotics are the right ones. But if things are still any better next week, come back and see me and we can have another look again.
Patient: Okay? Okay, great. With the urine sample, how do I go about doing that?
Doctor: Well, good question. So I will give you, I will organize for you to come in and drop off a sample, one of our practices, which we can test there and then with a urine dip and send it off to the lab. And we can always get back in touch with you with the results.
Patient: Okay, perfect. Okay, great.
Doctor: Do bear in mind those symptoms I mentioned about the fever and the back pain and vomiting. If you have any of those, give me a call. Okay.
Patient: Fever, back pain, vomiting. Great. Yeah.
Doctor: Okay. Have a good day.
Patient: Okay, thank you. Thank you. You too. Have a good day. Bye. Bye.
