Doctor: Hello? Hello there. Hello? Can you hear me okay?
Patient: Yes, I can hear you.
Doctor: Okay, great. I am. Yes, Dr. Sud here, Oscar. How can I help you this afternoon?
Patient: I'm contacting you because I've been quite short of breath lately.
Doctor: Okay. Do you want to tell me a bit more about it? When did it all start?
Patient: Well, it seems to have been slowly getting worse over the last couple of weeks. It's become quite troublesome the last few days. Normally I can walk to the shops without a problem, but now I'm having to sort of sit down and catch my breath and I'm even starting to get a bit breathless just about the house and it's got me kind of worried. Don't really know what's going on.
Doctor: Okay. Okay. Is there anything you're particularly worried about?
Patient: Well, I've. I've got heart failure.
Doctor: Okay.
Patient: I was told that a while ago and I got a bit breathless when I was first diagnosed.
Doctor: Right.
Patient: And put on some medicines that that helped, but I'm a bit worried it's getting worse.
Doctor: Right. Okay. So you mentioned you've been feeling short of breath over the last couple of weeks, but mainly the last couple of days has got a bit worse and you're now feeling more breathless on kind of minimal exertion. You mentioned, have you noticed any other symptoms at all with your breath? So, for example, any pain in your chest?
Patient: No pain in my chest.
Doctor: Okay. Have you found yourself coughing at all?
Patient: I've got a bit of a dry cough, but it's not too troublesome.
Doctor: Okay. Okay. And how's your general health otherwise? Are you feeling weak, lethargic?
Patient: I'm feeling a little run down, but otherwise otherwise pretty normal. I've noticed my ankles have gotten bigger.
Doctor: Okay, and what do you mean by that?
Patient: It's just like they've sort of swollen up a bit.
Doctor: Okay. Is that both. Both ankles?
Patient: Yeah, both ankles, yeah. It's a bit embarrassing.
Doctor: Okay, I can imagine. Yeah. And again, over how long has this. Have you noticed this for?
Patient: I kind of noticed it the last few days.
Doctor: Last few days. Okay. And is this something that you've had before in the past?
Patient: I think my ankles did swell up a bit last time. The heart failure was a problem.
Doctor: Okay. Okay, fine. Okay. So just to really recap, so you really. The last couple of weeks you've been feeling breathless but worse. In the last couple of days, you mentioned you had a bit of a dry cough and some swelling in your ankles, but importantly, no chest pain. And have you noticed your heartbeat racing at all? So palpitations or skipped heartbeat?
Patient: No, not really.
Doctor: Okay. And any temperatures or fevers?
Patient: No.
Doctor: Okay. And how about your appetite? Are you eating and drinking? Okay.
Patient: Yeah, that's fine.
Doctor: Okay. And your water works? Are you passing urine? Okay.
Patient: Yeah. Yeah, I usually pee a lot.
Doctor: Yeah, sure. Okay. All right, fine. So moving on to your past medical history. You mentioned heart failure. Any. Any other medical history I should be aware of?
Patient: Well, I was told I had, like. They called it, like, a small heart attack about five years ago. I. I had. I had, like, some chest pain, and they took me to hospital.
Doctor: Okay.
Patient: And they. But then I just got better.
Doctor: Okay, when you say small heart attack, did they give you a name for what happened? A name of a diagnosis?
Patient: I can't remember. I just called it as something like that. A small heart attack, Small heart, saying.
Doctor: Okay. Was it like angina or.
Patient: No, they. They said they. It seemed it was, like, more than angina.
Doctor: Okay.
Patient: But I didn't. But I only had to stay in hospital for a few days.
Doctor: Okay.
Patient: And, yeah, I've been okay since then.
Doctor: You've been okay since then. Okay. All right. So apart from the. The heart. The heart problems, the heart failure, any other problems I should be aware of?
Patient: No, I think I'm. Otherwise, I'm okay.
Doctor: Okay. Do you take any regular medications, apart from your diuretics that you're taking? Do you know which ones?
Patient: Yeah, I take something called furosemide.
Doctor: And do you know which dose you're taking?
Patient: I can't remember. I'm sorry, Doctor, I have to check.
Doctor: No problems. Any other medications?
Patient: Yeah, I take aspirin.
Doctor: Okay.
Patient: And.
Doctor: Metoprolol. Was this. Sorry, the connection is not very good. Okay, thank you. Yep.
Patient: Simvastatin.
Doctor: Okay. All right. Any allergies at all? Any medications?
Patient: No, no allergies.
Doctor: Okay. Is there anything in the family that's important for me to know? Any family history of medical problems, heart problems, lung problems?
Patient: My father died of a heart attack.
Doctor: I'm sorry to hear that. How old was your father when he passed away?
Patient: He was early 60s.
Doctor: Early 60s. Okay. Anything else I should be aware of?
Patient: My mother had osteoporosis.
Doctor: Okay. Is your mother still with us?
Patient: Yeah, she's still living.
Doctor: Okay. All right. And socially, sir? Just tell me a bit more about your situation at home. Who lives at home with you?
Patient: I live on my own. I got two cats.
Doctor: You got two cats?
Patient: Okay, great.
Doctor: Do they have names?
Patient: They're my family. They're called Polly and Tim.
Doctor: Okay, so this is you and your cats. And in terms of day to day, are you working at the moment.
Patient: I work part time as a lorry driver.
Doctor: Okay, and how is that? Is that quite stressful? Long hours?
Patient: It's okay. I. Yeah, like when I'm working, it's pretty exhausting. I guess I'm a bit worried that if I get sick, I won't, if I get more sick then I won't be able to work properly.
Doctor: Yeah, there's certainly a consideration, isn't there? So let's, let's try and get you better soon. So it doesn't have any impact on your, on your job. And do you find yourself doing a lot of anti social hours? You do a lot of night driving, weekend driving?
Patient: Oh, no, I only take shifts during the day. I don't like working at night.
Doctor: Okay. All right. And what about smoking and alcohol? Because they can sometimes be very important when it comes to heart problems. Do you smoke at all?
Patient: Not anymore.
Doctor: So you used to smoke?
Patient: Yeah.
Doctor: How many did you smoke a day on average?
Patient: Oh, it was about a pack a day back in the day.
Doctor: And how many years was that for?
Patient: Oh, that was a good 25 years.
Doctor: Okay. Well done for stopping. It must be very difficult for you, but well done for stopping. And what about alcohol?
Patient: I don't drink alcohol.
Doctor: Okay. Do you do much in the way of exercise, sir?
Patient: I try and walk to the shops least once a day.
Doctor: Okay.
Patient: But that's about it. I've. Yeah, I don't, I don't go running like I used to when I was young.
Doctor: Right, okay. And certainly now with your symptoms, you said you're feeling more breathless even walking to the, to the shop. She said. Right. So based on your, based on your history and having listened to your story, I wonder whether you've had a flare up of your heart failure, sir, which can sometimes happen.
Patient: What's going on?
Doctor: So it seems like your heart's not pumping as well as it should be. And obviously having diagnosed with heart failure, there's obviously the first thing that comes to my mind. Now there's a couple of options to move forward given that you're otherwise well at the moment and having examined you, your chest and your saturations and blood pressure, all. Okay, quite happy to increase your dose of Frozamide. So maybe rather than one tablet day, we can give you two tablets a day for the first few days and see how you're getting on.
Patient: Okay. Do you think that would be best?
Doctor: I think it's definitely worth treating your symptoms, but what we should also think about is maybe doing a couple of other tests, like a blood test and Maybe an echocardiogram of your heart to see how well your heart's pumping.
Patient: Okay.
Doctor: Is that something you've had? Yeah. So an echo scan? It's a jelly scan. If you're heart. You may have had this done before when you're diagnosed and it's just to get a good. Sorry.
Patient: Yeah, I remember now.
Doctor: Okay, fine. That's something I can organize for you today. And they may take a week or two weeks for that to be organized, but I think certainly in the meantime, let's get a blood test done. We can check your full blood count, look for signs of anemia, we can have a check your kidney function and we can definitely increase your frusamide to one tablet twice a day. But I really would like you to come back and see me in about a week's time to see how you're getting on. Does that sound reasonable?
Patient: I think that sounds like a good plan.
Doctor: And of course, in the meantime, if you are getting more unwell, so if you're getting more breathless or you're having any other symptoms like chest pain or palpitations or dizziness, then, you know, I want you to give me a call sooner than that and we can have a chat on the phone as well.
Patient: Okay? I'll see how I get on.
Doctor: Okay. Do you have any questions for me?
Patient: I think that's all pretty clear. Thank you very much, doctor.
Doctor: Great. No, I wish you all the best. Have a good day.
Patient: See you soon.
Doctor: Okay, thank you.
