Doctor: Okay. Oh, I can do that.
Patient: Hello?
Doctor: Hello.
Patient: Just before we go any further, can I confirm your name and age, please?
Doctor: My name is pfizer and I'm 26.
Patient: 26. Okay. And how can I help you this afternoon?
Doctor: So, basically, I've been really stressed at work for the past few days, and I've realized that I've really dry, itchy skin.
Patient: Okay. Sorry to hear work's been so stressful. Tell me more about your skin first, Lou. Tell me. You mentioned it's been dry and itchy. Whereabouts in your skin?
Doctor: All over my arms and my hands, mainly.
Patient: Okay. And is this something you've had before?
Doctor: No.
Patient: So did it come about quite suddenly or was it more kind of a gradual thing?
Doctor: I think it started a few days ago.
Patient: Okay. And has it spread anywhere else? Has it spread to your chest, your legs, your face? No. Okay. So apart from being dry and itchy, any other symptoms? Has it been sore? Has it been. Have you noticed any cracked skin?
Doctor: So my skin's quite red and I'm using coconut butter for the past few days.
Patient: Okay.
Doctor: I don't have any spots.
Patient: Okay.
Doctor: No fever. I'm not sweating either.
Patient: Thank you for mentioning all those. Okay. So the coconut butter hadn't helped with the itch?
Doctor: No.
Patient: Okay. And you mentioned work has been quite stressful. What do you do for work?
Doctor: I work as a teacher.
Patient: Okay. And in what way has work been stressful?
Doctor: I think the kids have been really annoying these days.
Patient: Okay, well. Okay. All right. Well, I'm sorry to hear that, and I hope it gets better. Going back to your skin, is there anything you've done, perhaps, which may have triggered your symptoms? Anything you've touched or, for example, shower gel, soaps, fabric cleaners?
Doctor: I went swimming a few days ago.
Patient: Okay. Is that the first time in your life, or have you been before now?
Doctor: I've been before.
Patient: Okay. And did your symptoms start after you went swimming?
Doctor: Yes.
Patient: Okay. All right. You mentioned you've had no other fevers. Is that right? No fevers, no. Vomiting?
Doctor: No.
Patient: No. How's your health otherwise?
Doctor: It's pretty good. Yeah. I'm not on any medication.
Patient: We'll get to medication in just a second. Do you feel genuinely run down? Do you feel tired?
Doctor: Yeah, I think I have been quite tired.
Patient: Are you eating and drinking okay?
Doctor: Yeah, I've been drinking and eating as normal.
Patient: Appetite's fine. Is it okay. And your bowels. Are your bowels working okay?
Doctor: Yeah.
Patient: No. No problems with vomiting or loose stools?
Doctor: No.
Patient: Okay. And your waterworks are all okay? Your plastic urine okay?
Doctor: Yep.
Patient: Okay. All right. So just moving on. In terms of your other medical history, is anything else I should be aware of?
Doctor: I'm currently taking microgen.
Patient: Microgynal?
Doctor: Yeah.
Patient: Okay. Do you know what that is?
Doctor: No.
Patient: Okay. It's a contraceptive pill. Does that make sense? Is that something you. Does that ring a bell now?
Doctor: Yeah.
Patient: Okay. Is it any other medications that you take?
Doctor: No.
Patient: No. So in terms of your medication, there's no problems of skin problems in the past, things like eczema or dermatitis?
Doctor: No, I think it might just be the weather.
Patient: Sorry, was that. You think it's.
Doctor: I think it might just be the weather.
Patient: The weather?
Doctor: Yeah.
Patient: Oh, you think? Okay. You think the weather. Okay, that's okay. No problems. We'll move in. Do you suffer from allergies? Are you someone who suffers from allergies? Food allergies, medication allergies?
Doctor: I think I might be lactose intolerant.
Patient: Lactose intolerant. Okay, that could be helpful to know. Fine. In terms of family history, is there anything in the family that you're aware of?
Doctor: Yeah, so my dad has asthma and my mum has. Yep.
Patient: Okay, fine. But any, again, any skin problems I should be aware of?
Doctor: No.
Patient: Okay. All right. Socially, who do you live with at home?
Doctor: It's just me.
Patient: Live alone?
Doctor: Yep.
Patient: And do you smoke at all? Can I ask, do you smoke? Are you a smoker?
Doctor: No, I don't smoke.
Patient: Do you drink much in the way of alcohol?
Doctor: No.
Patient: Recreational drugs? And you said you meant you work as a primary school teacher.
Doctor: Yes, that's right.
Patient: The reason I ask is sometimes stress can be a contributing factor. You felt you noticed yourself finding life's been more stressful recently. All right. Do you think that might have any correlation to your symptoms?
Doctor: I don't think so.
Patient: Okay. All right, fine. Okay. Well, normally at this stage I like to proceed examination, but based on your story, it's difficult. I think. You know, essentially the story is you've got dry, itchy rash on your main. Your hands, you mentioned, and your arms, which started perhaps after swimming a few days ago, but no other symptoms. You're feeling otherwise? Well, no fevers, no bleeding or discharge from skin. I wonder whether you may have something called dermatitis. Have you heard of that condition before?
Doctor: I have, yeah.
Patient: Okay, great. Well, I can give you a patient information lethal about that, which gives a bit more information about the disease, but it's something that we can readily treated with a couple of options. We have steroid creams I can give you, which will help with inflammation and something called emollients. Which can help with the dry skin. And that's something you just need to kind of paste onto your skin throughout the day for the next few days, and hopefully that helps your symptoms.
Doctor: Okay, cool. Thank you very much.
Patient: You can also try antihistamines, so you can get things over the counter. Pyritin, loratadine. That can sometimes help with the itchiness.
Doctor: Yeah, that sounds good.
Patient: Okay. And that's probably what I recommend. Paracetamol on this occasion wouldn't be helpful. Painkillers wouldn't be helpful on this occasion. But let's see how the next few days go. And if it's still not getting better, come back and see me next week and we can have another look again at your symptoms.
Doctor: Okay, perfect. Thank you very much.
Patient: Great. Do you have any questions for me?
Doctor: No.
Patient: Okay. I wish you all the best. Have a good day.
Doctor: Thank you very much.
