Doctor: Hello.
Patient: Hello.
Doctor: Hi there.
Patient: Before I go any further, can I confirm your name and your date of birth?
Doctor: Yeah, my name is April and I'm 50.
Patient: You're 50? Okay, April, how can I help you this afternoon?
Doctor: Well, I've just been having this, like, cough for quite a few days, and my nose is running and it's just been super annoying and it's not going away.
Patient: Right. Oh, dear. Okay. When did it all start?
Doctor: I think it started, like, maybe a bit less than a week ago. Like, maybe. Maybe five or six days ago.
Patient: Okay. And you mentioned a couple of things that. You mentioned a cough. You mentioned a bit of a runny nose. Right?
Doctor: Yeah.
Patient: Okay, let's focus on your cough first. Can you tell me a bit more about your cough?
Doctor: It's just so continuous. It's really, really frustrating. It's quite dry and it's just all day. Like, keeps me up at night as well, which is really annoying.
Patient: Okay, so it's a dry cough. So you're not bringing up any. You don't bring up any. Oh, I can hear that. Yeah. You don't bring up any mucky phlegm or anything like that? No, no. Okay, so keep you up at night. You mentioned the cold symptoms as well. The runny nose job is. Do you have a sore throat at all?
Doctor: I mean. I mean, the coughing is giving me a sore throat, but it's not like, you know, not more than that. You know, just. Just my throat is irritated from coughing, but it's not like. It's not that bad when I swallow or anything.
Patient: Right. Do you have any. Are you. How are your ears? Your ears feel blocked?
Doctor: No, they feel okay, actually. Yeah.
Patient: No pain or discharge?
Doctor: Not pain on the ears?
Patient: Okay. All right, fine. In terms of your breathing, how's your breath? How's your chest? Is your breathing more labored?
Doctor: I don't think so. Like, I guess, like, it's labored when I'm coughing and I can't breathe. But I. Not. Yeah, I. I don't really walk around.
Patient: You don't feel breathless, do you?
Doctor: I don't feel breathless, no. I feel, you know, generally tired.
Patient: Okay. Okay.
Doctor: Yeah. But not. Not anything special with my chest.
Patient: Any pain in your chest?
Doctor: No, not that either.
Patient: Okay, you mentioned feeling tired. Have you felt feverish at all? Have you had a temperature?
Doctor: I've been having, like, shivers even when I'm in bed. You know, like when you go to sleep and you feel like I should be warm, but I'm still, you know, shivering a little bit. I haven't taken my Temperature. So I'm not 100% sure if I had a fever, but feels like I probably did because I was just. I was next to my boyfriend, and he was completely warm and totally fine, and I just, like, couldn't stop shivering. I kept adding more sweaters on, and I was still cold.
Patient: Oh, dear. Okay. Okay. All right, fine. In terms of any other symptoms, have you had any nausea? Have you had any vomiting?
Doctor: No, no. No nausea, no vomiting. Like, yeah, nothing like that.
Patient: How's your appetite?
Doctor: I mean, it's okay. I. At the beginning, like, when I was starting to have this. Listen to the. The coughing and stuff, I had a little bit of diarrhea, but. But I didn't. It didn't cut my appetite or anything. I just, like, my stomach wasn't feeling great.
Patient: Okay. Has I got better now, the diarrhea?
Doctor: Yeah, yeah, it got better. It was only like, the first. Like, it started at the same time as the cough started, and then it stopped, so I thought everything would be fine. But then the coughs just kept going.
Patient: Okay, fine. Any problems with your waterworks at all?
Doctor: With my what?
Patient: Your water works, your urine.
Doctor: Oh, no, no, no. That's fine.
Patient: You're passing urine. Okay. You're drinking plenty of fluids and passing urine. Okay.
Doctor: No, I drank loads of water when I started having the diarrhea. Now that it stopped, I just. Back to normal.
Patient: Okay. All right. In terms of any other things you notice any. Any funny skin rashes or problems with your muscles or joints?
Doctor: Like, my. You know, when I have. When I was telling you I had, like, the. I had chills and I was really cold. My muscle was really hurting.
Patient: Okay.
Doctor: But, like, it's hurting me so much at the moment.
Patient: Right.
Doctor: So to be honest, all I feel like doing is just lying in bed.
Patient: Right. Okay. Okay. I'm sorry. That must be really difficult for you.
Doctor: Yeah. Great. Especially, like, in my arms, my legs, like, just everywhere.
Patient: Basically getting quite lethargic and weak. Mentioned.
Doctor: Yeah, pretty much.
Patient: Okay. April, are you normally otherwise fit and well?
Doctor: Am I normally what?
Patient: Fit and well. So do you have any other medical history?
Doctor: Well, I have type 2 diabetes.
Patient: Okay.
Doctor: I have quite high blood pressure. Okay.
Patient: And what do you take for your blood pressure? What medications you take on a regular basis?
Doctor: Should I say I take Metformin for the diabetes?
Patient: Yep.
Doctor: And I take Lisinopril for the high blood pressure.
Patient: Okay, fine. Any allergies at all to medication?
Doctor: No allergies, no.
Patient: Okay. Regarding any family history, is anything I should be aware of?
Doctor: My dad also has type 2 diabetes, but I Think that's it.
Patient: All right. Who's looking after your diabetes? Is there anyone? Do you have a doctor in hospital?
Doctor: I just regularly go see a doctor that just checks up on it. Same with the high blood pressure. I have it under control, and since I've started taking this medication, I've just been regularly checking that it's. It's under control.
Patient: Great. Excellent. In terms of your social situation, who lives at home with you?
Doctor: Just. It's just me and my partner.
Patient: Okay, fine. Is your partner well at the moment?
Doctor: Yeah. He has none of this. Like, he's just going ahead. Like. Like nothing. Like, I was a bit worried that I would pass it to him, but.
Patient: Right.
Doctor: Not diary, nothing. He's fine.
Patient: Oh, wait, he's got away with it at the moment. Okay. And are you working at the moment, April?
Doctor: Yeah, I am working, but the. The first day I skipped because. Because I was feeling just too. Shit.
Patient: Yeah.
Doctor: But then I just felt like, had to go back because I had so much to do. I've been going in, but it's not been fun.
Patient: No, I can imagine. What is it that you do for work?
Doctor: I am a developer.
Patient: So you work in the IT field. Okay.
Doctor: Yeah. Working it. Not too active a job?
Patient: No. Has it been quite stressful recently?
Doctor: Not more than usual. I don't think it's related to stress. Like, I. I don't feel like I've had a particularly hard time at work. I've been able to take a day off to try and recover. So, yeah, I don't think it's related.
Patient: So the reason I ask is sometimes stress can really affect your immune system. But it's good to know you're not feeling stressed. Do you smoke at all, April?
Doctor: I used to, but I've stopped for about six months now.
Patient: Okay. And what about alcohol?
Doctor: I mean, yeah, I don't think I drink that much. I don't really know how you count the units, but I guess, like, I don't drink more than like, say, three evenings a week and I rarely get, like, properly drunk or anything.
Patient: And what is it that you drink?
Doctor: Wine, mostly.
Patient: And wine, how much do you drink on those nights?
Doctor: I'd say like, maybe two or three glasses.
Patient: Okay. So. Yeah, so you're probably just about under the limit of the recommended limit. Something Think about just because of your blood pressure and diabetes, maybe something that you can maybe cut down on if you can.
Doctor: Yeah.
Patient: Really? Ideally, the right answer is to cut down completely, but in practice, I know that's not realistic. So maybe for the first few weeks. Why don't you cut down to two glasses a week and then one week thereafter. And if you are coping okay, then we can maybe try and cut down altogether.
Doctor: Okay.
Patient: Just something for you to think about. Right, so just as we wrap up, really, April, I think, based on your story, I think essentially I think you're going through a bit of a. Bit of a viral illness. I don't think there's anything to worry about. You know, you've had a bit of a cough, bit of a runny nose, feeling quite weak and lethargic. I'm hoping that, you know, you're probably over the worst of it now. It's been five days. I'm hoping you're maybe going to get better the next couple of days. Normally last about a week to 10 days.
Doctor: What should I do if it just keeps going on and on, like, if it's still going on in, say, four days?
Patient: Yeah, absolutely. So, you know, things you can do to help yourself in the meantime is to get some nice rest, drink plenty of fluids, keep yourself well hydrated. You can take regular paracetamol. If you feel like it's still any better in two to three days, it's probably worth coming back to see me again. We can check you over. And if you are still feeling feverish and your cough isn't getting any better, then we may look to give you some antibiotics for your chest, which can sometimes be a common source of infection.
Doctor: Do you think I should keep going to work or do you think I should just.
Patient: Yeah. So I think, really, I think it depends on you. If you are coughing, then there is a theatrical risk that you're maybe slightly infectious still. So I would say maybe take a day or two off work if you can get some good bed rest, and maybe think about work early next week.
Doctor: Okay. Okay.
Patient: But if your cough isn't getting any better or your breathing is getting worse, I want you to come back and see me sooner. Okay?
Doctor: Okay. But otherwise, I don't need to worry.
Patient: No, nothing to worry about. Otherwise.
Doctor: Okay. All right. Thank you very much.
Patient: Have a good day. Appreciate it.
Doctor: Thank you. Bye.
