Doctor: Hello?
Patient: Hello?
Doctor: Hello there. It's Dr. Steele here. How can I help you this afternoon?
Patient: Oh, I've just got terrible headaches since midday on the left side. It's just making me feel so ill. I just feel like I need to vomit.
Doctor: Sorry to hear that. Can you tell me a bit more about the headache?
Patient: Well, you know, I noticed some zigzag lines in my vision. A few minutes before the headache started, my vision blurred. You know, it just. I. Yeah, pain's just horrible. Just making me feel so unwell.
Doctor: Okay.
Patient: I just want you to do something.
Doctor: Well, let's try best. Let's try and get you. Let's try and get you well soon. You mentioned this on your left hand side, is that right? And it started at midday a few hours ago?
Patient: Yeah.
Doctor: Okay. Did a pain come on quite suddenly or was it more of a gradual build up?
Patient: No, really, it just happened.
Doctor: Okay. And are you able to describe what kind of headache it was? For example, was it throbbing or was it more of a sharp pain?
Patient: Yeah, I guess it's. Yeah, I guess it's throbbing on that left side.
Doctor: And is it moving anywhere else at all?
Patient: No, but it's worse when I move.
Doctor: Okay, does that mean you move your neck?
Patient: Well, like if I lean forward or like move my head or neck. Yeah, the headache gets worse.
Doctor: Okay.
Patient: I'm just really worried. Like I've just been googling and like I've read, you know, if you're get headache gets worse when you move, it could be a sign of brain cancer.
Doctor: Okay. Is that what you're worried about? Is that what your main worry is today?
Patient: Oh, yeah, yeah. And I've like, you know, my, my friend's mum, she recently died of a brain tumor. So it's really concerning me actually.
Doctor: Oh dear, I'm sorry to hear that. I can understand why it's affecting you, but why don't we take a good history first and let me examine you and then we can have a little chat afterwards and see what's going on here. So you mentioned a few things. You mentioned the headaches. You also mentioned some zigzag lines before the headaches came on. And your vision has been blurry as well, is that right? Is that on both eyes or just a left eye?
Patient: It feels like it's on both.
Doctor: Both eyes. Okay. Have you had any difficulty with seeing bright lights at all?
Patient: Yeah, well, I'm wearing, wearing sunglasses right now. You know, light's really hurting my eyes.
Doctor: Oh, I see. Okay. And you mentioned that you felt quite nauseous. Have you Vomited at all?
Patient: Yeah, I vomited twice.
Doctor: Twice. Okay. Earlier today. Okay. Any temperatures or fevers?
Patient: No, I don't feel feverish.
Doctor: Okay. Any other funny skin rashes that you may have noticed?
Patient: No, I haven't noticed anything like that.
Doctor: Okay, fine. And do you normally get headaches?
Patient: Not really prone to them, no. But I did have a similar headache a few weeks ago.
Doctor: Okay, and what happened then?
Patient: Just similar.
Doctor: How long did it last?
Patient: For a couple of days.
Doctor: Did you do anything that made it better?
Patient: Yeah, I had to take painkillers and had to go to bed and rest and had a couple days off work and working fashion industry and you know, they're wondering what's going on. Like having to take sick days.
Doctor: Yeah.
Patient: Back to work today. But you know, what if it is a brain tumor? What's going to happen with my future, my career? You know about this. Never had headaches like this before. Why should we get now?
Doctor: Yeah, sure. And I can see your concerns. Obviously there's a lot of worry there. But, you know, let's take it step by step and see exactly what the causes headaches are. First, I'm just going to ask you some very. Yes. No questions. That's okay. Have you noticed any problems with your speech at all? Any difficulty with words?
Patient: No.
Doctor: Any problems with your arms and legs, for example, numbness or weakness?
Patient: No.
Doctor: Any difficulty with balance, your balance or coordination?
Patient: No.
Doctor: Okay. And have you had any injuries to your head? Have you had a fall recently or been knocked on the head?
Patient: No.
Doctor: Okay. All right. And you're feeling otherwise okay. So for example, your breathing is okay, you're not feeling breathless or. No. Okay. Do you have any other medical history I should be aware of?
Patient: No.
Doctor: So for example, if you had anyone told you've had migraines in the past?
Patient: No.
Doctor: No. Okay.
Patient: My mum had. Has migraines, but I've not been diagnosed.
Doctor: Right. So my next question was about family history. Is there anything in the family. So apart from migraines, is anything else, anything related to the brain, for example, as well? What was that? Sorry?
Patient: My mum has an underactive thyroid as well.
Doctor: Under thyroid as well. Okay. Okay. Any other problems, for example the brain or. You mentioned brain cancer. Any other family history of that?
Patient: No.
Doctor: No. Okay. In terms of medications, do you take anything on a regular basis?
Patient: I take the pill, microgynon.
Doctor: Okay. And how long have you been on that for?
Patient: Three months.
Doctor: Three months. Okay. And is that mainly for contraception or is that for something else?
Patient: It's for contraception.
Doctor: Okay. All right. That's something we May have a little discussion about today as well. My next question was about your social, really, your situation at home. You mentioned you work in a fashion industry. Is your job quite stressful at the moment?
Patient: Yeah, it's really stressful, actually. Having problems with like people at work. You know, managers like putting a lot of pressure on me to deliver and. Yeah, it's not a good time.
Doctor: Is it getting you down?
Patient: I don't feel down. Just feel a bit stressed.
Doctor: Okay. All right. And what kind of things do you do to alleviate your stress? Normally?
Patient: Nothing really.
Doctor: Okay. Do you do much in the way of exercise?
Patient: No.
Doctor: Okay. Who's at home with you?
Patient: I live on my own.
Doctor: Okay. Are you coping okay at the moment?
Patient: Fine.
Doctor: Okay. Do you smoke at all?
Patient: No.
Doctor: And do you drink much in the way of alcohol?
Patient: No.
Doctor: Okay. All right. So normally at this I'd like to kind of proceed to examination, but based on your story, I wonder whether you may. May have a migraine. Migraine type headache. It sounds very classical of that nature. The headache on one side, throbbing nature, the nausea, vomiting, sensitive to bright lights. I'm reassured that you don't have anything more serious, such as meningitis or indeed brain cancer. I know that was a big worry of yours initially.
Patient: Thank you. Thanks so much. I was so worried that had cancer and. Oh, now you say migraine. Yeah, I guess my mum had similar symptoms to me and.
Doctor: Yeah. Well, I hope that puts your mind at ease. Certainly this is the second migraine you've had in the space of a month. So I think moving forward there's a couple of options. I think keeping a headache diary will be quite important to see exactly what's triggering these headaches. But we should also try and treat your headaches today. Some strong painkillers would be advisable. So, you know, think about paracetamol or even cocodamol and some anti inflammatories such as ibuprofen and naproxen. How's that sound to you?
Patient: Okay, that sounds good.
Doctor: And you know, if your headaches were to become more persistent, then we can maybe think about giving you some medications that will stop your headaches from happening in the first place. Something prophylactic medicines. Okay, we can have a discussion next time I see you next week, perhaps. Okay. Now a couple of things I want you to think about is, you know, if your symptoms aren't getting better in the next two, three days, or indeed they're getting worse, I'd like you to come back and see me straight away, if possible. So if your headache's getting worse and not responding to medications, or your neck pain is getting worse, or you develop any weakness in your arms and legs or your vision, then I want you to come back and see me straight away. Okay?
Patient: Okay.
Doctor: Does that sound all okay?
Patient: Dr. That's great.
Doctor: Great. Any questions for me?
Patient: No, thank you.
Doctor: Okay. Have a good day.
Patient: Thanks. Bye.
