Doctor: Hello?
Patient: Hello? Hello?
Doctor: Hi.
Patient: Can you hear me? I can hear you. Can you hear me?
Doctor: Yeah, I can hear you now.
Patient: Excellent. Just before I go any further, can you confirm your name and your age, please?
Doctor: Oh, yeah, my name is Jessica smith and I'm 19 years old.
Patient: Okay. And how can I help you, Mrs. Smith?
Doctor: Yeah, so, I mean, this is. This is a bit embarrassing, but it's kind of a. Hurting when I. When I use the bathroom, when I pee, and it's been going on for a few days, so I'm a little bit worried about it. I'm not sure what to do.
Patient: Right, well, thank you for coming in. So hopefully we can help with your symptoms. As you mentioned, it started a few days ago. So can you tell me a bit more about what kind of pain it is that you're experiencing?
Doctor: It's not too bad. It's sort of like a stinging kind of pain. It's not like unbearable, but it definitely bothers me when I pee. And yeah, I also maybe sometimes get some like, pain kind of lowered down in my tummy when I go to the bathroom.
Patient: And the pain in your tummy, is it. Can you describe the pain to me? Is it cramping, burning, sharp?
Doctor: Yeah, I don't know, maybe sort of. Sort of cramping, I'm not really sure. But it's not like. It's not like cramping like when I get. When I have a period or something.
Patient: It's like.
Doctor: I don't know.
Patient: Okay. Okay, fine. And have you found yourself going to the toilet more often than normal?
Doctor: I don't think so.
Patient: I haven't noticed it, no. Okay, fine. Have you noticed any funny color to your urine? So has it been any blood in your urine or have you noticed any other darkening of urine?
Doctor: There was a little bit of blood earlier today, but besides that? Not at all? No. It does kind of. It kind of like doesn't smell very. Smells a bit weird, I guess, but no, not really. Anything. Anything drastic.
Patient: Okay, fine. Okay. Right. Let me just write a few notes down as well.
Doctor: Fine.
Patient: And you mentioned the tummy pain that also started a few days ago. Does the pain move anywhere else? Does it move towards the back or towards your flank, the sides?
Doctor: No, not really. No.
Patient: No. Okay, fine. With the symptoms, have you noticed any other symptoms, like nausea, vomiting?
Doctor: No, not. Not at all.
Patient: Okay. Any fevers or temperatures? Sorry. Any fevers or temperatures? Sorry, I didn't hear you.
Doctor: No fever.
Patient: No fever. Okay, fine. Sorry. Okay, in terms of your bowel, are your bowels working okay?
Doctor: I think so, yeah.
Patient: Any diarrhea, loose stool?
Doctor: No, not that I've noticed at all. Okay.
Patient: All right. And Jessica, sometimes we have to ask very private, sensitive questions just to go get full. Hope you don't mind me asking, are you currently sexually active? Yeah, I am with a regular partner.
Doctor: Yeah. So I've had a boyfriend for about a couple months now.
Patient: Yeah, fine. Okay. Have you noticed any other discharge from down below?
Doctor: I haven't noticed anything, no.
Patient: No. Okay, when was your last STD screen? If ever?
Doctor: Don't think I've ever. I don't think I've ever had one. Okay, fine.
Patient: And do you use any form of contraception at all?
Doctor: Yeah, we use condoms.
Patient: We use condoms. Okay. And when was your last period?
Doctor: A couple weeks ago.
Patient: Is there any chance you could be pregnant, perhaps?
Doctor: Say again?
Patient: Any chance you could be pregnant?
Doctor: I don't think so.
Patient: It's always worth asking young females like yourself. So obviously if you are worried about the pain not getting any better, then I always advise you doing a pregnancy test to rule out pregnancy. Okay, fine. So just moving on. Moving on. Are you otherwise fitting? Well?
Doctor: Yeah, I think I'm feeling okay otherwise, yeah.
Patient: And so by that I mean do you have any other medical problems? Medical. Medical history?
Doctor: So in the past I've had some. Some ibs, but other than that I think no. Like, no serious medical problems that seem.
Patient: Yeah, okay. Do you take any regular medications?
Doctor: No, I did a little bit ago or a couple days ago. Try some over the counter bicarbonate to try and help with the pain, but it wasn't really helping.
Patient: Okay, so you tried that and didn't help. Okay. All right. Do you have any allergies, any medications?
Doctor: Yeah, I'm allergic to clindamycin.
Patient: And what happens when you take clindamycin?
Doctor: I get some like a swelling, basically.
Patient: It seems like quite severe allergy to it. Is that right? Okay, fine. In terms of your family history, is there anything I should be aware of related to kidneys, bladder, bowels, gut?
Doctor: No, I don't think so. Not that I. Not anything I know about.
Patient: And tell me a bit more about your home situation. Who's at home with you?
Doctor: So I live in a. Live in a flat near my college with a couple like friends of mine. So I'm not like living at home or anything.
Patient: Okay. Okay. And are you working at the moment or are you a student?
Doctor: I'm a student.
Patient: Okay. And what are you studying?
Doctor: I'm studying biology.
Patient: And how's that going?
Doctor: It's good. Yeah, it's really. It's really Interesting. Learning about. Learning about how. How the world works. Yeah.
Patient: Great. Do you have any aspirations for the future in terms of careers?
Doctor: I don't know. Maybe a doctor someday. You never know.
Patient: Recommend it. We need doctors. What about smoking and alcohol? Do you drink much in the way of. Do you smoke or do you drink much away of alcohol?
Doctor: I don't. I don't smoke. I do drink, like on the weekends, socially. Okay.
Patient: All right, excellent. So at this stage, I would proceed to examination, but based on your story, just to summarize, really, it's the last three days you've been having a bit of burning pain on passing urine, a bit of crampy tummy pain lower down, essentially, but no other fevers or back pain, if I understand correctly. Probably do have what we call a simple UTI or a urinary tract infection. Bladder, which can be readily treated. So I'll give you a course of antibiotics today, something called either nitroferentoin or trimethoprine. And it's normally a three day course, so one tablet twice a day for three days. And that should help your symptoms. But I also advise you to drink plenty of fluids. Let's try and flush that, you know, that infection out your body. We can. You can try cranberry juice. That can sometimes help with your symptoms. And if you're still not better by the end of this week, I want you to give me a call or come back and see me and we can have another look at your symptoms.
Doctor: Okay, so three days of medication and then wait a little bit. If it still doesn't go away, call back.
Patient: Yeah, absolutely. And things to look out for would be, you know, if you are having kind of high temperatures, back pain, just generally feeling more unwell. I do want to give you a call back because then we do worry whether your infection may be spreading up towards your kidneys, which is something we want to avoid. So do give me a call if you have any concerns. Okay?
Doctor: Okay. Is there anything like, should I be worried about not having sex or anything within the next week or anything like this?
Patient: I mean, if you can try and avoid it, I think that'd be sensible. He's great at using barrier conception. Recommend you to continue using barrier contraception, but if you can avoid it while your symptoms clear up, that'll probably be the best for you and your boyfriend.
Doctor: Okay. All right, that makes sense.
Patient: Great.
Doctor: Okay. Thank you so much.
Patient: Wish you all the best.
Doctor: Yeah, thank you.
