Doctor: Hi, good morning.
Patient: Hello there.
Doctor: Hi there. This is Dr. Dean Mizza from Gpathand.
Patient: Hello there. I'm wondering if you can help me today.
Doctor: Okay, sure, I'll try. Before we start, could I please confirm your full name and date of birth?
Patient: Yes, it's Sarah smith and it's the 2nd of November, 1992.
Doctor: That's great, thank you. Sarah. Sarah, are you in a private place where you're okay to speak at the moment?
Patient: I am indeed, yes.
Doctor: Okay, so tell me what's been going on.
Patient: Okay. I've really not been feeling so well at all recently. I've been struggling with fever for the past week. Yeah, I would say it started about seven days ago. I'm just. I'm really hot and sweaty all the time and just generally not feeling good.
Doctor: Okay. All right. Sorry to hear that. Now, along with this fever and this feeling hoz and sweaty, any other symptoms at all?
Patient: I'd say that I'm aching all over, really. My muscles are really aching. I'm feeling quite nauseous, so I've not been able to eat very much and I have been drinking, but it's been quite a small amount. Just generally quite tired and unwell. I'm sweating during the night. I'm quite cold.
Doctor: Okay. All right. And you're having periods of when you're feeling hot and also periods when you're feeling cold as well?
Patient: Yes, yeah, it's quite interchangeable. Not really a pattern to it.
Doctor: Okay. And have you been taking any medication?
Patient: I've been trying to like take ibuprofen and paracetamol just from over the counter, but it's not really helping. Just been taking the recommended dose every day of those.
Doctor: When you say it's not helping, is it bringing the temperature down at all?
Patient: Perhaps slightly, yes, but I'm still experiencing these symptoms, so it does take the edge off of it.
Doctor: Okay, all right. And can I just object? Have you got any cough or cold or sore throat, anything like that?
Patient: Not those sort of symptoms really.
Doctor: Which symptoms are you getting? Other than the ones you've already mentioned to me?
Patient: So I have a. It's mainly just the sweating, really, and the nausea that's overtaking all day and the aching muscles all over.
Doctor: Sure. Have you had an ear pain at all?
Patient: No, my ears are fine, actually. I haven't had any problems with my ears.
Doctor: Okay. I just need to check for any other causes of infection in the body, so I'm going to go through some kind of systemic questions. Have you had any diarrhea?
Patient: Not. Not really, no. I'm fine.
Doctor: Okay. Have you got any neck stiffness at all?
Patient: No. Okay, fine.
Doctor: All right. Do you have any headache?
Patient: Not more than usual, no. Just like the general headaches, but not just from staring at the screen. No migraines or anything.
Doctor: Okay, so you know your normal headache, where is that? In the back of the head or the front of the head?
Patient: It's quite centralized over the head.
Doctor: Okay, and how long have you been having that for?
Patient: It's something that I've struggled with for years, really, just related to screen use or like changes in weather patterns, high pressure days. Sometimes I struggle with migraines and headaches.
Doctor: Okay, have you got any rash in your body anywhere at all?
Patient: I haven't noticed any rashes, no.
Doctor: Any joints swollen or tender or sore?
Patient: Not really. I mean, I often have problems with back pain, but not really any other joints?
Doctor: Okay, all right.
Patient: Any problems?
Doctor: All right. And have you got any kind of symptoms down below when you're passing urine?
Patient: No, there's been no problems there.
Doctor: Okay. Any painful urination at all?
Patient: Not at all, no.
Doctor: Are you passing urine more often than normal?
Patient: I don't think so, no. It's been fairly regular.
Doctor: Okay. Have you been abroad anywhere recently?
Patient: Yes, I have actually.
Doctor: Where have you been?
Patient: I went to Vietnam. I came back four weeks ago now.
Doctor: Okay, and did you take malaria preventative medication when you went out there?
Patient: I did, yes.
Doctor: Which one do you take?
Patient: Oh, I can't remember now off the top of my head.
Doctor: Was it a weekly tablet or a daily tablet?
Patient: I think it was daily.
Doctor: Okay, and was it one tablet or was there another one that you would take on top of the first one?
Patient: I think it was another one that I took on top of the first one.
Doctor: Okay, and what were you doing out in Vietnam? Was it just staying in the cities or going through villages or hiking? What kind of activities?
Patient: It was quite mixed really, because we were there for a few weeks and we toured to several different parts of the country in the countryside and some cities as well.
Doctor: Okay, and did you do any kind of. Were you in rivers or things like that? How adventurous were you?
Patient: I'm sorry, could you repeat that? I missed that.
Doctor: Were you going out into the rivers? Were you going on beaches? I mean, how adventurous was your trip?
Patient: Yes, it was quite adventurous. We were sort of trekking and cycling through farmland and seeing how people lived in their day to day life and in farmland.
Doctor: Right, okay. Thank you for sharing that with me. Now, do you have any other illnesses at all in the past?
Patient: As I said, I've been struggling with back pain for quite a while, but I haven't really had any major illnesses in the past. I can think of.
Doctor: And that back pain, have you seen anyone about that?
Patient: Yes. Yeah. I'm under a physiotherapist at the moment for that.
Doctor: Have they given you any kind of diagnosis talk?
Patient: They've said that it's related to long periods of time sitting at a desk and just bad posture. So mainly the exercises are focused on improving posture and. And strength of the muscles in the back.
Doctor: All right. Are there any illnesses in your family at all?
Patient: The main one would be heart attack. My. My father passed away of that.
Doctor: How old is he when that happens?
Patient: 68, I think. Yeah.
Doctor: Okay. I. Are you on any medication at all?
Patient: Just ceraset.
Doctor: Okay. Do you have any allergies at all, Tony? Medication?
Patient: No, I'm just really. Pollen allergy, that's all I have.
Doctor: Okay, so hay fever?
Patient: Yes. Yeah, just hay fever.
Doctor: All right. Are you. You're working at the moment?
Patient: I am, yes.
Doctor: What do you work as?
Patient: I work as a nurse.
Doctor: Okay. All right. And you're up to date with all the vaccinations, Hepatitis B, that kind of thing?
Patient: Yes, indeed. Yeah.
Doctor: Okay.
Patient: I'm really struggling. Quite a lot of work at the moment. It's been quite difficult feeling so tired all the time.
Doctor: Sure. Okay. And are you a smoker at all?
Patient: No, I'm not.
Doctor: Okay. And do you drink much alcohol?
Patient: Moderate alcohol intake? Drink too much.
Doctor: And how much kind of physical exercise do you do normally?
Patient: I try and do some moderate physical exercise a few times a week.
Doctor: Okay, that's good. All right, so what I think we're going to need to do is we're going to need to bring you into one of our clinics exam, and we're going to need to arrange some blood tests as well. Okay, so what. What I want to do is, the first question that I have in my mind is that we need to find a reason for why you've got this fever and these symptoms. Because there's no apparent reason from what you've told me, there's no. When someone has got fever and sweats, we want to find out have they got chest infection, have they got a throat infection? And if we can't find a focus of infection, then that's something that's an outstanding question that needs to be answered. Okay. The second thing, second factor is that you've recently come from Vietnam and you've had exposure to rural areas, and we need to think about things like malaria or other exotic infections as well. So you're probably going to need some blood tests after you've been seen by somebody. Now, the urgency of those blood tests depends partly on what we find when we examine you, which is why we're going to go for the examination first. You can come into one of our clinics in central London. That's one option. And then the GP there who examines you can then decide on how urgent the blood tests and things are going to be. Or if it's inconvenient for you to come into central London because you're living further out, you could actually just attend a local ae. I'm going to type up what my thought process is and what kind of tests I think you need in the notes for this appointment, so you could show that to them at reception. I'll be asking for something called thick and thin blood films to check for malaria and inflammatory markers and things like that. Technical terms, but they'd understand what that what I'm talking about. But I don't think you can go into work until we've sorted this out, and we need to sort this out sooner rather than later.
Patient: Okay, that sounds great. Thank you so much for your help. I think, yeah, I can come straight into central London today to get that sorted.
Doctor: Okay, fine. What I'm going to do is I will send a message to one of our admin team members asking them to book you in, and if you can, ring the number that I leave in your consultation notes after a few minutes and then they'll slot you in and then we can sort things out from there.
Patient: Okay, that's brilliant. Thank you very much.
Doctor: All right, then. Okay, take care, then. All the best.
Patient: Goodbye.
Doctor: Bye.
