Doctor: Hi there. Good morning. I'm Dr. Dean Mirza from GP at Hand. Nice to see you.
Patient: Nice to see you.
Doctor: Okay, before we start your appointment, could you please tell me your first name and your date of birth?
Patient: Yes, my name is John Smith and I was born on the 5th of April, 1973.
Doctor: Okay, that's great. Thank you for that. Are you in a private place where you're okay to speak freely?
Patient: Yes, absolutely.
Doctor: Okay, great. Okay, so tell me a bit about what's been happening. You said, you mentioned in the notes that you've got a problem with your elbow.
Patient: Yeah, I just noticed this, like, about a week ago or something. Have, like, a weird swelling on my elbow. I noticed that when I was in the shower. It's not painful at all. I feel fine, but it's just a bit weird to see that it's slightly warm, and I kind of feel like it's a bit fluid inside, so I want to know what's going on.
Doctor: So did you say it was the left elbow or the right elbow?
Patient: It's the left elbow.
Doctor: Left elbow. Okay. And have you banged that elbow? Did you have any kind of injury?
Patient: No, not really. Not that I know of. I haven't noticed anything. I can actually, like, be normally. It's just. I can just see that feels a bit strange.
Doctor: Sure. Okay. And in terms of your job, do you do anything physical?
Patient: Not really, no. I just, you know, sit at the desk.
Doctor: Right.
Patient: Yeah.
Doctor: Okay. And has this happened before?
Patient: No, no, I haven't noticed that before. I don't have any, like, history of. Of seeing this. I don't remember at all.
Doctor: Sure. Okay. And can I. Can I just double check? Has anyone in your family got any kind of rheumatology diseases like rheumatoid arthritis or lupus or anything like that?
Patient: No. Well, I. I do. Well, I think. I think I have something like osteoarthritis. It sometimes kind of hurts my joints, but in my family, I'm not sure.
Doctor: Okay, sure. So you said you think you've got osteoarthritis. Has anyone ever told you that? Have you ever seen a doctor who's confirmed that and told you you've got osteoarthritis? Yes.
Patient: Yes, a few years ago.
Doctor: Okay. Was that a GP or a specialist or was it a physiotherapist?
Patient: A gp.
Doctor: Gp. Okay. All right, Rick. Sorry, can I just double check how old you are, please?
Patient: I'm 53.
Doctor: 53. Okay, fantastic. All right. And do you have any other illnesses at all?
Patient: Well, not really. You know, I'M allergic to. To peanuts. That's pretty much all I had to say about my medical history.
Doctor: Are you allergic to any medication?
Patient: No, not that I know of.
Doctor: Sure. And do you, are you on any medication on a regular basis?
Patient: No, no.
Doctor: Okay. And you normally fit and well, mobile, active?
Patient: I do, I do do some sports. I run regularly. Like two, three times a week. Yeah, no, I'm. I think I'm healthy.
Doctor: Good, Glad to hear. Well done. That's good that you're doing that on a regular basis. Okay. And can I. Is it possible for me to have a look at your elbow now?
Patient: Yes, sure.
Doctor: Okay, bear with me one second. Right. Okay. And if you can just raise your elbow up a little bit like that, a bit higher so I can just see the underside. Okay, fantastic. All right. And then just bring it around to this side. I can see the other side. Okay, fantastic. All right. And if you can just touch the tip of your elbow with your fingers. Is it hot compared to the surrounding skin, the adjacent skin?
Patient: It's a bit warm?
Doctor: Yes, it's a bit warmer. Okay. And is it very tender when you're pressing on that? Now if you give it a press, does it hurt you at all.
Patient: On the tip of the elbow? It's okay. Just like next to it, like where the swelling is? It's a bit. Yeah, it feels a bit fluid.
Doctor: Okay. All right. Well, I noticed the skin was a bit dry on the tip of the elbow. Do you have dry skin anywhere else in the body?
Patient: No, not more skin.
Doctor: Do you suffer from eczema at all?
Patient: No.
Doctor: All right. Okay. So what I think we should do with regards to your elbow problem. Okay. Is I think it would be worthwhile. This seems like what we call the bursitis. Okay. So that's an inflammation of one of the fluid sacs around the joint. What I think we should do is I think you should be on some anti inflammatory medication. The first instance. And as well as that, what I would like to do is to get some blood tests done to check for other types of causes of joint swelling. Okay. So what we're going to do is we're going to arrange some blood test forms to be sent out to your house and there'll be instructions within that pack about where to go to get those blood tests done. And that will involve you having some tests done to check for inflammatory markers, infection, rheumatological antibodies. So we'll do a full screen and also check for things like gout as well. Okay. Okay. The time frame for that will be the results will come back to us after about five, six days from now. It takes time for the forms to come out to you and if you get the test done straight away, by the time that we're expecting a result back, you know, one or two days after that, we're looking at maybe six days. And what I would suggest is we can arrange a follow up appointment for you in one of our clinics where we can have a look at your joint, feel it, we can review the blood tests and we can get a gauge as to what's going on. Now, in terms of your joint right now, it doesn't look like to me that something called, excuse me, septic arthritis. So we are worried sometimes that someone might have an acutely infected joint and your joint doesn't look like that. However, if the elbow was to become very red, very painful, and the redness was to spread or become more intense, then you need to get on the phone or have a video appointment with one of us as soon as possible because that would be an emergency that would require more immediate assessment, more immediate treatment. Okay.
Patient: Do you think it's something dangerous? Like something like could I die from that or is it.
Doctor: No, I don't think this is anything dangerous. Don't need to worry. What I'm doing is I'm just outlining the worst case scenario if things were to develop. Okay. So if things were to worsen. This is not the case right now. Right now it looks quite straightforward. Nothing's sinister or life threatening. What I'm doing is, I'm just saying in case things worsen, these are the things that we'd be looking out for and this is what you have to do. But you don't have that now, thankfully, and I don't think you're going to have it. But I'm just saying the what if scenario, is that okay?
Patient: Yeah, that sounds good. Thank you.
Doctor: All right. Did you have any questions that you wanted to ask me?
Patient: Well, just. Yeah, I just wanted to know about this. It feels a bit better now to know that.
Doctor: Okay.
Patient: All right, that's it.
Doctor: Thank you. Okay, so I would take ibuprofen regularly. Okay. You can get that over the counter. That's 400 milligrams, three times a day. And you should take that after food, not an empty stomach. If you get any heartburn, stop taking it. Okay, sure. All right, so what I want to do is I'll get the form sent out to you and we are going to arrange a follow up appointment maybe within a. Actually, you know, the follow up appointment doesn't have to be face to face. If it's more convenient to do it over the phone, we can do that over the phone over video. We can do that as well. That's your call. But you contact us after you've had the blood test done, and we can review things then, okay?
Patient: Okay, yeah, that sounds good. I'll do that. And if I see that it's getting worse, I'll probably ask for a physical appointment.
Doctor: Sure, sure. That's good idea. All right, then. Okay, take care, then. So just leave that with me. I'll sort all those bits and pieces out, and then we'll get them sent out to you. And then we'll review you after the test things go well.
Patient: Thank you. All right.
Doctor: All right. Take care. All the best. Bye. Bye.
Patient: Bye.
