Doctor: Hi there. Good morning or good afternoon? Sorry.
Patient: Hello there.
Doctor: Hi.
Patient: Good afternoon.
Doctor: Good afternoon. Hi, this is Dr. Dean Mizza from GP at Hand.
Patient: Hi there.
Doctor: Hi. So, before we start your appointment, could I please confirm your full name and date of birth?
Patient: Yes, my name is Jack Armani.
Doctor: That's a great thing.
Patient: And my date of birth is the 12th of August, 1958.
Doctor: That's great. Thank you for that. Are you in a private place where you're okay to speak at the moment?
Patient: Yes, I am.
Doctor: Okay. So how can I help you today?
Patient: So I woke up this morning and. Hello?
Doctor: Yeah, I'm still here.
Patient: So I'm a bit worried because I woke up this morning about an hour ago and I couldn't move my left arm anymore.
Doctor: Okay, and how is your arm right now?
Patient: Well, like, I feel no pain, but just can't move it.
Doctor: So you still can't move. And what time did you wake up? You said it was an hour. Are you sure about that?
Patient: Yes.
Doctor: Okay. Now can I just double check? Has this ever happened before?
Patient: No, no, it's really the first time.
Doctor: Okay. And did you sleep anything in an awkward position or in a different bed or anything like that last night?
Patient: No, Everything as usual.
Doctor: Okay. And is there any discoloration in your hand?
Patient: No.
Doctor: Does your hand feel cold?
Patient: Not really. The arm feels fine apart from me not be able to move it.
Doctor: Okay. And it's on your left side. Have you had any symptoms in your left leg at all?
Patient: No, but I feel a bit of tingling on the left side of my face.
Doctor: Right. Okay. And how long has that tingling been there for?
Patient: Since I woke up. Since I started to feel the fin. Since the arm really stopped moving. So an hour ago.
Doctor: Okay. Now I can't see you, it's this telephone appointment, but have you noticed any kind of asymmetry in your face or does your face expression look different on one side compared the other? Anything different at all?
Patient: No, not really. Just having like a bit of issues. Like I was trying to drink earlier and I dribbled a bit and tingling on the left side.
Doctor: Okay, so you had some difficulty swallowing, is that right?
Patient: Yeah.
Doctor: Any problems with your speech? Is your speech different to how it sounds normally?
Patient: Yeah, it feels a bit harder. It's more complicated. Maybe be more slow. I need to think more about it.
Doctor: Okay. Is there anyone at home with you? No. Okay.
Patient: I should be worried about?
Doctor: Well, I'm concerned that some of the symptoms you've got may be some symptoms of a stroke. Okay. So that's something that can be dealt with, but it Needs to be dealt with as an emergency in the hospital.
Patient: Should I call. Would you be able to call the ambulance for me?
Doctor: I'm happy to do that. What we need to do is to make sure that they've got access to you when you come. So maybe you could leave the front door unlocked to sit in the hallway. But I'm going to arrange one of my colleagues next to me to call an ambulance to your home address now.
Patient: Okay? Okay, thank you.
Doctor: That's being done right now as we speak. While we're waiting for that, I'm just going to ask you a few more questions. Is that okay?
Patient: Sure.
Doctor: Okay. Do you have any other illnesses at all?
Patient: I have type 2 diabetes and high blood pressure.
Doctor: Okay. And are you on any medication for that?
Patient: I'm taking metformin, losartan, and amlodipine.
Doctor: Okay. Do you have any allergies to any medication?
Patient: Only penicillin, I believe.
Doctor: Okay. Are there any illnesses in your family at all?
Patient: My dad has got heart disease, but I don't know. More detail.
Doctor: Okay. Anyone else?
Patient: Not really.
Doctor: And are you normally living alone?
Patient: Yes.
Doctor: Do you smoke at all?
Patient: I used to.
Doctor: Okay. How much alcohol do you drink?
Patient: I will have a few drinks over the weekend, maybe a couple more during the week.
Doctor: So what drinks are we talking about?
Patient: Beers. Like pints.
Doctor: Okay. All right. How are you feeling now? Have you got the symptoms right now? Still. The arm?
Patient: Yes, yes. The. The arm still can't move, and I think the speech is getting a bit harder.
Doctor: Okay. All right. So the ambulance is on its way. All right? And what they're going to do is they'll probably take you down to the local hospital, a e. And they will ring through for the stroke doctor for. To assess you, to see whether they can give you any kind of treatment for that. Okay. So don't worry. They're on their way. And what I'm going to do is I'm going to stay on the line until they reach there Just to make sure that you're okay.
Patient: Okay. Is there anything I should be doing now?
Doctor: Not at the moment. No, not at the moment. Just make sure that the front door is open. Sit in the hallway by the front door so that they've got access if needs be. If for any reason you can't open the front door. Okay. Okay.
Patient: Okay.
Doctor: All right, then. So I'm just going to stay on the line, and we'll. And we'll wait until the ambulance comes.
Patient: Okay. I'm gonna go to the door.
Doctor: Okay, then. All right. Thank you.
Patient: Thank you.
Doctor: Okay. Bye. Bye. Bye.
