Doctor: Hi there. Good morning.
Patient: Hi. Good morning.
Doctor: I'm Dr. Dean Meza from GP at Hand. Nice to see you.
Patient: Nice to see you.
Doctor: Okay, great. So before we start your appointment, could you please confirm your full name and date of birth?
Patient: Yeah, sure. My name is Tim Gowers and I was born in 1958 on the 8th of August.
Doctor: That's great. Thank you so much for that. You look a lot younger, so that would make you roughly about 50 years old. 51. 51 years old, is that correct?
Patient: Yeah, yeah, around that, yeah. About 60? Yeah.
Doctor: Okay, perfect.
Patient: All right.
Doctor: So nice to see you this morning. Are you in a private place where you're okay to speak freely?
Patient: Yes, I am. Yeah.
Doctor: Okay, fantastic. So how can I help you today?
Patient: Yeah, I was. I was having a bit of chest discomfort, so I was doing some gardening couple of hours ago, and I felt not exactly a pain, but like a pressure on my chest. Feels like someone's sitting on my chest. And I've noticed a bit of nausea, not. No vomiting, but I'm pretty sweaty, short of breath, and it kind of feels like someone's sitting on my chest.
Doctor: Right. Okay. Now do you have these symptoms right now or have they gone off now?
Patient: No, they're still present.
Doctor: Okay, so you've still got the chest discomfort right now?
Patient: Yes.
Doctor: Okay. We're probably gonna have to call an ambulance for you.
Patient: Okay.
Doctor: Okay, so what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna task my colleague next to me to sort that out. While we do that, I'm gonna ask you a few more questions. Okay. Give a bit more information to the ambulance team when they. When they arrive. Okay, sure. So just. Just to double check, where exactly in the chest is the pain?
Patient: It's in the middle of my chest. Over. Yeah, my. My pec. So, yeah, but not. Not necessarily to one side. And it's quite a diffuse pain.
Doctor: Is it spreading anywhere else, like down to your arm, up to the jaw and the neck? Anything like that?
Patient: Yeah, it's. It's mainly my left arm. It's feeling a little bit painful and in my shoulder as well.
Doctor: Right, okay. Do you remember what you were doing at the time?
Patient: Yeah, so it started just when I was gardening, so nothing that was too strenuous. I was just kneeling down and. Yeah, wasn't running or anything. It wasn't during any physical exercise.
Doctor: Okay. And how much activity do you do normally? Do you walk a lot or do you run or do you go to do anything?
Patient: No, I don't. I generally don't do much activity at all. Yeah.
Doctor: Have you had this before?
Patient: No, this is the first time, actually.
Doctor: Right. Okay. Are you aware of any palpitations, like your heart beating faster or more prominently than normal?
Patient: Yeah, it's beating a bit faster now. I think that's because I'm a little bit stressed about the situation, but I haven't noticed it beating faster than usual.
Doctor: Today, so I know you're stressed. We've got an ambulance coming on the way. Okay.
Patient: Yeah.
Doctor: So we'll take care of everything. So don't, don't worry. In the house with you at the moment?
Patient: No, no one's in the house at the moment.
Doctor: Okay. And is your front door open?
Patient: Yes, it's open.
Doctor: Okay, so maybe we'll speak maybe in the hallway to the front door. Have the front door open so that in case people need access, they can access you.
Patient: Yeah.
Doctor: All right. So are you a smoker at all?
Patient: Yeah, I smoke a fair bit. So I smoke about 10 cigarettes a day. Yeah.
Doctor: How long have we been smoking for?
Patient: For the past 15 years.
Doctor: 15 years, okay.
Patient: Yeah.
Doctor: Do you have high blood pressure or high cholesterol or diabetes?
Patient: Yeah, I have high blood pressure but not diabetes.
Doctor: Okay. Have you ever had your cholesterol checked?
Patient: No.
Doctor: Okay. All right. Now, anyone in your wider family. In your family. Sorry, in your parents, did either of them have any heart problems or heart attacks or anything like that?
Patient: Yes. So my father died of a heart attack and my mother had some heart problems.
Doctor: Okay. I'm sorry to hear about your father. Can you remember what age roughly he was when he had that heart attack?
Patient: He was about my age.
Doctor: Right, so just under six? Around 60?
Patient: Around 60, yes.
Doctor: Okay. All right. Do you drink much alcohol?
Patient: Yeah, I drink per week? Probably about seven or eight pints a week.
Doctor: Okay. Is that beer you're talking about?
Patient: Oh, beer, yes.
Doctor: Okay. I can't tell from the video. Are you overweight?
Patient: Yes, I'm overweight, yeah.
Doctor: Now, do you normally live alone?
Patient: Yeah, I live alone at the moment. Yeah, it's just me in the house.
Doctor: Sure. Okay. And are you working at the moment?
Patient: Yeah, yeah, I work, yeah.
Doctor: What do you work as?
Patient: I work as a restaurant owner. So I own a sushi shop.
Doctor: Right, okay.
Patient: Yeah.
Doctor: All right. So the symptoms that you've described to me, they indicate the possibility of a heart attack.
Patient: Okay.
Doctor: So I'm not saying you definitely have a heart attack, but we that our number one priority to exclude that.
Patient: Okay.
Doctor: So ambulance team will be with you very shortly. I'm going to stay on the line with you until they come, okay?
Patient: Okay, yeah. Thank you.
Doctor: When they come, what they'll do is they're going to put some stickers on your chest and do an ECG and then decide where to take you after that. Okay. Can I just double check? Do you have any allergies to any medication?
Patient: Yes, actually I have an allergy to aspirin.
Doctor: Right, okay.
Patient: Yeah. And no other allergies?
Doctor: Sure. What's the nature of that allergy to aspirin? Do you. Does it. Does it cause you heartburn or is it like a allergic reaction?
Patient: Yeah, it's an allergic reaction. So I swallow a bit, but nothing life threatening. I've. I sometimes even have it and it's. It's a. It's a mild reaction to it.
Doctor: Okay. All right. It's very important that you communicate that to the hospital detail you've just told me because we may need to consider aspirin despite. Okay. All right. Now, in terms of what happens from here, team will assess you and then they may take you in to one hospital or another based on how bad what the ECG looks like and what kind of treatment you might need. Okay.
Patient: Okay.
Doctor: What I'm going to do is we'll stay on the line for the time being.
Patient: Okay.
Doctor: Until they come. And then once they come, then I'll hand over to them. I'll explain what's going on. All right?
Patient: Okay. Okay, sure.
Doctor: Okay, thank you. We'll end the conversation now for the purposes.
Patient: Yeah. Okay. Okay. Thank you very much.
Doctor: Thanks. Bye.
Patient: Thank you. Bye.
