Doctor: Hello.
Patient: Hi there. Good Morning.
Doctor: Hi.
Patient: I'm Dr. Jin Mee from. Nice to see you.
Doctor: Hello.
Patient: Hi. So before we start your appointment, could I confirm your full name and date of birth, if that's okay?
Doctor: Yeah. Mary Richards and my. I'm 40 years old.
Patient: Okay, fine. So you're 40 years old, he said. Yeah, perfect. Okay. Are you in a private place where you're okay to speak at the moment?
Doctor: Yep.
Patient: Okay, great. So how can I help you today?
Doctor: So, just been having some problems with my hearing. I can't really hear very well, and notice that my face has been feeling a bit numb recently.
Patient: Right. Okay. Okay. And how long has this been going on for?
Doctor: It's been a few weeks now. About three weeks or something.
Patient: Right. Okay. And is this just on one side or both sizes?
Doctor: Just one side. Just on my left side. I've noticed that the hearing's kind of gone down a bit.
Patient: Right. Okay. And your face feeling numb? Where exactly is that? Which part of your face can you. Can you show me with your finger?
Doctor: Yeah. So again, it's the left side. It's kind of like around my left ear and kind of along here. So like my jawline sort of feeling a bit numb around here.
Patient: Right. Okay. Okay. Has anything else happened in this time? Any other symptoms you've had at all?
Doctor: Not that I've noticed. Occasionally notice.
Patient: Some ringing in your ear. Okay, sure. Okay. And have you had any weakness or numbness down in the rest of the body at all?
Doctor: No, no, no, no, nothing like that.
Patient: Okay. Have you had any difficulty swallowing?
Doctor: No.
Patient: And have you had any difficulty speaking?
Doctor: No.
Patient: Have you noticed any problems with your vision at all?
Doctor: No, that's all good.
Patient: Okay. And do you have the numbness present right now?
Doctor: Yeah, it's kind of there quite often, so I think we can. So, yeah, right now it feels very. Doesn't feel like when I touch this side of my face.
Patient: Sure. Okay. All right. Just going back to the kind of muffled hearing feeling in the ear. Do you have any discharge coming from that ear at all?
Doctor: No, nothing coming out.
Patient: Any pain in the ear or from the ear?
Doctor: No.
Patient: Right. Okay. And have you had any fever at all?
Doctor: Nothing like that.
Patient: And do you have any itchiness in the ear? Do you use cotton or buds to kind of clean your ears out?
Doctor: Oh, no, no. Don't use cotton buds.
Patient: Okay. All right. I need to ask a few other general questions. Do you have any other illnesses at all?
Doctor: I've got kind of been told I had polyps in my nose in the past and occasionally get some Kind of hearty feeling. That's all. Fine. And, you know, I take a Rennie's if I need to, and if my polyps are playing up, I've got a spray other than that. I think they said ages ago I had something called can't quite remember, but labyrinthitis, something like that. But again, nothing. Nothing on.
Patient: Sure. Okay. So are you on any regular medication? You mentioned the spray for your nose.
Doctor: Yeah, so, no, I only take the spray for my nose when I need it for and sometimes take over like Rennie, but I just get that from the chemist.
Patient: Sure. And the spray for your nose, where do you get that from? Is that from a doctor?
Doctor: Yeah, they gave me prescription ages ago.
Patient: Yeah. Do you remember the name of the spray at all?
Doctor: Unfortunately, I don't. Sorry.
Patient: That's all right. And you're not on any other medication at all? No, no. Okay. Do you have any allergies to any medication?
Doctor: No, just latex.
Patient: Latex, okay. All right, that's good to know. And in terms of your family, are there any kind of illnesses within your family at all?
Doctor: My brother had neurofibromatosis. I think it is. Other than that, everyone else is okay.
Patient: Okay, good. That's good to hear. And in terms of your own kind of background, now, are you working at the moment?
Doctor: Yeah, so I'm a jockey. But because of all the kind of symptoms I'm. Again, especially sometimes when I get a ringing, I feel a bit dizzy. I've just had to do far less training, so kind of beginning to. Yeah. Impacting work a little bit now.
Patient: Okay. So you have to excuse my ignorance. You mean jockey, like with horses? Is that what you're talking about?
Doctor: Yeah.
Patient: All right, great. And do you live alone?
Doctor: I live with my partner.
Patient: Okay, right. Do you have any pets at all at home?
Doctor: No pets.
Patient: Okay, fine. Fantastic. All right. Is there anything else that you wanted to tell me about what's been going on recently?
Doctor: No, just like I said, like the ringing occasionally and when I get back and sometimes feel a bit dizzy. But the main thing is really that lack of hearing and the numbness, that's got me. Yeah. No idea what's going on there.
Patient: Okay, fine. All right.
Doctor: So what I think there was one thing. I think because I can panic and you can look online, get a bit frantic. I guess what I'm trying to think is, you know, is there something particularly serious that, you know, will need to be sorted and obviously we reading anything could make you really frantic. Hopefully nothing so serious I would die from it. I don't know, I just. I think.
Patient: Obviously we're limited in terms of assessment via video portal, but from what you've told me, this doesn't seem to be anything that you're going to die from. However, I would like you to be assessed in a clinic today. Okay. I would like you to come into one of my clinics. I'd like a GP to assess you. What you're describing might be something called Bell's palsy. We can go into that explaining what that is. If that's confirmed on physical examination, that's not usually a life threatening problem. But part of the reason why I'd like you to come in is just that we can do what we call a neurological examination just to make sure there's nothing else going on, confirm that that might be the diagnosis, have a look inside the ear, see if there's anything to see within the ear. So in answer to your question, no, I don't think that you need to worry about that. I think, you know, preliminarily I can, I can reassure you. However, in order to definitively reassure you, I think you need a physical examination today. Okay. So what I'm going to do is I'm going to send a message to our admin team. I'll ask them to book you in for a face to face appointment in one of our clinics within central London. Okay. And then you can ring the support team number. I'll leave that number in your notes. You can ring them after five minutes and then they'll slot you into a place that's convenient for you.
Doctor: Okay, that's fine.
Patient: All right, so someone will see you and hopefully we'll be able to reassure you further. But please make sure the appointment gets done today.
Doctor: Okay? Yep. No, we'll do. That's fine. Thank you very much.
Patient: All right then. Okay, nice to see you. Take your head. Bye.
