Doctor: Hi there. Good morning. I'm Dr. Dean Mirza from Babylon. Can you hear me? Okay. Okay, great. Well, nice to see you this morning. Before we start your appointment, could I confirm your full name and date of birth, please?
Patient: Yeah. Jack Smith, 31st October, 1990.
Doctor: That's perfect. Thank you. Jack, are you in a private place where you're okay to speak? At the moment?
Patient: I am, yes.
Doctor: Okay, great. So tell me what's been going on. You've been saying there's a problem with your hearing, is that right?
Patient: Yes. I just feel like I can't really hear as well as I used to. Like my hearing is kind of deteriorating in some way.
Doctor: Right. Okay. How long has this been going on?
Patient: For about six weeks.
Doctor: Six weeks. Okay. And before that, have you had any hearing problem at all?
Patient: I had something maybe about a year ago, but it only lasted a couple of days. It wasn't anything as long as this.
Doctor: Right. Okay. Okay. And in this six week period, have you had anything else happen? Have you had any other ear symptoms at all?
Patient: I occasionally get like a ringing in my left ear just on the one side. And there's actually been a few times when I felt kind of a bit sick or a bit dizzy as well.
Doctor: Right, okay. And just to clarify, the difficulty you've got in hearing is that both ears or just the left ear?
Patient: Just the left ear, yeah.
Doctor: All right. So your right ear is fine?
Patient: It seems to be, yeah.
Doctor: Okay, so you've had ringing, difficulty hearing in your left ear and feeling slightly sick, and that's been on and off for the six weeks, or is it continuous throughout that six weeks?
Patient: It's kind of on and off. Like some things trigger it as well. So, for example, if I'm watching TV or listening to music or something. Something that will set off the ringing in the ear.
Doctor: Right. Okay. And have you had any pain from the ear at all? Okay. Any discharge coming out of the ear? Okay. Have you been experiencing any fever?
Patient: Not specifically, apart from the dizziness and sickness I mentioned before.
Doctor: Right. Okay. And has your ear been itchy at all?
Patient: No.
Doctor: Okay. Now, do you use cotton wool buds to try and clean out wax from your ears?
Patient: No. I don't know.
Doctor: Okay, well, you're right. We shouldn't be doing that. It doesn't clean out the wax, it pushes it back in. All right, the first thing that we need to do is we need to get someone to have a look inside your ear. Okay. And just exclude the simple things. Simple things might be wax. Someone might have impacted wax blocking the tube going into the eardrum, which can lead to muffled hearing. If that's the case, that that's something that's easily fixable, but. So we need to exclude that first and then after that we can consider other potential possibilities. And for that we need to have a look inside the eardrum. So what I think we could do is maybe if we book you in for a face to face appointment in one of our clinics, it's not an emergency, it can be done within the next four, five days or so. Okay. And then what I'll do is I'll send a message to our admin team, I'll ask them to slot you into one of our clinics in that time frame. You can come in and one of the GP will just have a quick look down the ear, figure out whether there's a physical blockage or whether there's something else going on. Okay. Can I just double check the dizziness that you've been getting? How severe is it?
Patient: Nothing major, it's just kind of. It's not that kind of dizziness you get with nausea, like not proper room spinning or anything like that, but just a little bit kind of off balance.
Doctor: Right. Right. Have you any chest pain with it?
Patient: No.
Doctor: Any palpitations? Heartbeat and fast. Okay, fine. All right, so let's get your ear checked out. I think that would be the most sensible thing to do. And then after that we can. We'll be a step closer to figuring out which way we're going to go. It might be that there's a problem inside the drum or the balance system within the earth, but we just need to exclude whether there's a physical blockage first and try and deal with that if that's the case. Okay.
Patient: Is that the sort of thing that can cause this ringing I've got in my ear?
Doctor: Does it seem like the ringing that you've got that you've got something called tinnitus. And tinnitus is something actually that medicine, doctors, we don't really understand it fully. We haven't. People can't give you a specific cause for why some patients get tinnitus and some patients don't. It can be triggered by a wide range of different things. And in fact, I'm glad that you've mentioned that. What I might do in the time between now and when you come for the appointment, I'm going to put paste the link for a leaflet about tinnitus in the notes for this appointment. I'd really appreciate it if you could start reading about it. Okay. And often that awareness of what it is and what the treatment options are. And there are limited options. That helps us in terms of conversation about what we do next. If your ear is clear. Okay, so I'm going to paste a link to that and you can read about that. And what we'll do is we'll see you in about four or five days time. It won't be with me, it'll be another gp, but they'll have my notes and they'll know exactly what my question is, which is just to check your ears. Is that okay?
Patient: Yes, that's great.
Doctor: All right, great. So bear with me five minutes and then you come in the support team. I'll leave the number in the notes of this appointment, ring them, and then they'll stop you in. Okay?
Patient: Okay. Brilliant.
Doctor: If there's any problem, any issues between now and when the clinic appointment is, just book another appointment and you can speak to her and we'll serve a video. Okay?
Patient: Okay.
Doctor: All right, then. Take care. Nice to see you this morning.
Patient: Thank you.
