Doctor: Hi there. Good morning. Hello. I'm Dr. Dean Mizzler from GP at Hand. Nice to see you.
Patient: Lovely to meet you.
Doctor: Okay, so before we start your appointment, can I please confirm your full name and date of birth?
Patient: My name is Tracy Chaplin and my date of birth is.
Doctor: Just tell me how old you are.
Patient: I'm 45.
Doctor: Okay, could you confirm the first line of your address and your postcode?
Patient: 15 Babylon Street, W6 5.
Doctor: Okay, thank you. Are you in a private place where you're okay to speak at the moment?
Patient: Yes.
Doctor: Okay, fantastic. All right, so tell me what's been going on. You said you're a bit short of breath, is that right?
Patient: Yeah, yeah. Feeling very sort of breathless recently. Like, I don't know, whenever I like. Breathe deeply, it sort of catches in the right hand side of my back.
Doctor: Right. Okay. Okay. And how long has this been going on for now?
Patient: Just. Just a day, really.
Doctor: Right, okay. Any other symptoms at the same time? You've had this pain?
Patient: Well, I've had. I've got a bit of a slight fever and, well, I coughed up a bit of blood on two occasions.
Doctor: Right, okay. All right. It might all be connected then. And yesterday before this, all of this, were you completely fine?
Patient: Yeah, yeah, kind of. I sort of feel my heart beating, but other than that, no. Sort of fine.
Doctor: Okay. So you can feel your heart kind of beating a bit faster, you think, than normal? Is that.
Patient: I don't know. I can just sort of feel it, sure. But I've also. I've been feeling a bit like a bit tired at work. Haven't really been like, exercising has been a bit difficult because I've been feeling tired and. Yeah, performing. Performing daily activities has been a bit harder than usual.
Doctor: Okay. All right. And how long has that been for the tiredness and not wanted to exercise?
Patient: Only after. Only for a couple of weeks or so.
Doctor: Couple of weeks. Okay. And then in the last day or so, that's when you get the cough and the pain inside and you've coughed blood. Okay. All right. You said you felt a bit warmer. Have you measured your temperature at all?
Patient: With the back of my hand, yes.
Doctor: Just. Okay, fair enough. All right. Okay. And now can I just ask, do you smoke at all?
Patient: No.
Doctor: What do you work as?
Patient: I work in an office. Just a desk job.
Doctor: Okay. All right. And do you live alone?
Patient: Yes.
Doctor: In a flat or a house?
Patient: Flat.
Doctor: Okay. Do you have any pets?
Patient: Cats?
Doctor: A cat. Okay. Are you on any medication at all? Regular medication?
Patient: Yeah. Methotrexate. Methotrexate.
Doctor: Methotrexate. Okay. What are you on that for?
Patient: I've got sle.
Doctor: Sle. Okay. Do you have any other diagnoses, any other illnesses at all?
Patient: No.
Doctor: Right. Okay. And do you have any allergies to any medication?
Patient: No.
Doctor: Any other allergies at all?
Patient: No.
Doctor: Okay, so you're taking methotrexate at the moment. When was the last time you had methotrexate?
Patient: This morning.
Doctor: You had this morning. Okay. All right. All right. Okay. A couple of things I'd like to do in order to try and get an idea of how unwell you are. Okay. The first thing I'd like to do is to try and measure your pulse. So the way we're going to do this is that if I can get you to try and locate the pulse in your wrist. Not everyone can do this, so don't worry if you can't. But if you can tell me whether you can feel the regular pulse, it's just under the thumb. If you put two fingers up and down like that, you might be able to feel the pulse.
Patient: I've got it.
Doctor: You've got it. Okay. You sure?
Patient: Yeah.
Doctor: All right, so what I'm going to do is I'm going to tell you when to start counting and when to stop counting. Okay. So I'll just get my stopwatch up. Okay, so if you can. You've still got the pulse?
Patient: Yep.
Doctor: Okay, so if you can start Counting now, please.
Patient: 1, 2, 3, 5, 6, 7, 8.
Doctor: If you can stop now, I think that was about 11 or 12. So that would make your heart rate about 66 to 74. That's okay.
Patient: Good.
Doctor: Fantastic. And the next thing I'd like you to try and do. Okay, it depends on the lighting, so it may not be possible, but next I'd like to try and do is just get you to squeeze the tip of your finger and then let me see how quickly the redness comes back. Okay, so if you can see what I'm doing now, my fingers come right behind the screen. I'm squeezing it. Okay, just watch me first. Just watch me first. Yeah, I'm squeezing it. And then you can see that it goes pale and then it goes back to the normal red color. Okay, so. So if I can get you just to put your finger up to your camera, and then with the other hand, just try and squeeze it.
Patient: You've got very good circulation.
Doctor: Okay, perfect. That's great. Thank you so much. The last thing I'd like to do is I'd like to try and have a look down your throat. Okay. Are you doing this consultation via a phone or a laptop?
Patient: Phone. A phone on my laptop. So I think we're good to go.
Doctor: So. Say that again.
Patient: I've got it resting on my laptop.
Doctor: Okay. So if you position your device up above your head, put your head back, mouth open wide, and let me see if I can have it. That's fantastic. Say ah.
Patient: Ah.
Doctor: Perfect. Thank you for that. Excellent.
Patient: Lovely.
Doctor: Okay. Last thing is if I can get you to feel inside your neck. Just on the sides here. Okay. By your Adam's apple, tell me whether you can feel any enlarged glands or not.
Patient: No, they feel pretty normal to me.
Doctor: Okay.
Patient: I think.
Doctor: All right now. Sorry, I've forgotten your name.
Patient: Doris.
Doctor: Doris. Okay, Doris. So, Doris, what I think we need to do is this sounds like you might have a chest infection. Okay. If you're coughing up blood and you're feeling your heart racing, I think you need to be examined today. Someone needs to listen to your chest and maybe check your blood pressure as well and check that you're stable. I have to say, examining you now, from what limited examination I could do online, everything does seem to be okay in terms of. You don't seem acutely unstable. However, if you've got this kind of pain when taking a deep breath in and you're coughing up blood, we do need to assess you to figure out whether you have a pneumonia or chest infection. And that would involve someone listening to your chest with a stethoscope. And you may need an antibiotic. This is one thing I need to ask you. Have you been on any long haul flight recently?
Patient: No. No.
Doctor: Okay. Have you ever had any clots in your legs or clots in your lungs, blood clots?
Patient: Not that I know of, no.
Doctor: Okay. Anyone in the family have that?
Patient: No.
Doctor: Okay. All right, What I think we'll do is we'll arrange for you to get reviewed in a clinic today. Okay. I would like someone to listen to your chest and check your blood pressure and to recheck your pulse as well. Just make sure. Check your temperature, make sure all those parameters are okay. You may well need an antibiotic. Okay. Do you have any allergies to any antibiotics?
Patient: No.
Doctor: Okay. I'm not going to prescribe anything for you now because I think you need to have that basic assessment first before we proceed to the next step. But that's what I would predict the next step might be. I'm going to leave the number in the notes for this appointment for you to ring our support team and then they will book you in for a face to face appointment with one of our GPS today, and they'll do that assessment and then we'll take it from there. Okay.
Patient: But we don't think I'm dying of lung cancer.
Doctor: Given the way in which you have presented. Now, just one day with a fever and this slight pain concurrent with the blood and the phlegm. That's not usually how lung cancers present. It's more insidious over a longer period of time with other symptoms. However, we might need to get some investigations to exclude that. It depends on the examination finding in ocu.
Patient: Okay.
Doctor: Are you worried about lung cancer?
Patient: Well, you know, you start coughing up blood and you think you're gonna die of lung cancer.
Doctor: So just remind me how old you are again. I'm sorry.
Patient: 45.
Doctor: 45. Okay. It's something we do need to be cognizant of. Okay. And we may end up having to do a follow up chest X ray if things don't settle down, but at the moment, it seems more like a chest infection rather than a lung cancer.
Patient: That's good to know.
Doctor: That is good to know. Yes, because that's easier to treat. But we still need to make sure that things are okay because chest infections can become nasty as well. It can lead to infection inside the body. We want to avoid that as well. So let's get you checked out today and hopefully we can put your mind to rest and get you on the right course of treatment.
Patient: Perfect. Thank you very much.
Doctor: All right. You're welcome. All right, take care then. All the best. Bye.
