Doctor: Hello. Hi, I'm Dr. Jacob and welcome to Babylon.
Patient: Hi.
Doctor: Hi. So just before we start, is it all right if you could confirm your name for me, please?
Patient: Yep. John Doe.
Doctor: Okay. And your date of birth?
Patient: 2112 and 1986.
Doctor: And your address for me, please, is.
Patient: Number 1 London Street, NW36PQ.
Doctor: That's correct. And just to confirm that you're in a secure location and we can have a confidential conversation?
Patient: We are, yes.
Doctor: Okay. So I understand you're having a headache, is that correct?
Patient: Yeah, I've had a sort of fairly sort of bad, severe headache for the past four days. Um, and I've been sort of feeling a bit hot as well. Um, got. Got a bit of a temperature, I think. I haven't measured it, but I think. I think I've got fever.
Doctor: Okay. Right. And so what started first? Was it the headache or the fever?
Patient: So headache started first and then sort of. Yeah, fever sort of came along a bit afterwards.
Doctor: Okay. Afterwards. Right. And what have you taken so far for your headache?
Patient: So I've had some paracetamol and some ibuprofen, but it's not really helping at the moment.
Doctor: Okay. So just a few more questions with regards to your headache. So do you find it difficult to look at the light?
Patient: No, it's fine. Light doesn't seem to bother me too much.
Doctor: Okay. And is there any pain when you try to move your neck from side to side, up and down, Is there any pain?
Patient: I've got sort of general aching muscles. Not necessary, sort of in my neck. It's kind of a bit all over, really.
Doctor: Okay. All over. Right. And have you been sick with this headache?
Patient: No, I haven't been sick.
Doctor: Okay. And do you have a cough?
Patient: No, no cough.
Doctor: Okay, so there's no cough for cold? Yeah.
Patient: No.
Doctor: Okay. And you, your ears are okay? There's no earaches?
Patient: No, it seems to be. Okay, that's fine.
Doctor: Okay. All right. And with this headache, have you experienced any pins and needles in your face, arms and legs?
Patient: No, no pins and needles.
Doctor: Any muscle weaknesses at all.
Patient: Just I suppose, general aching, body aching.
Doctor: Not. Not any weakness, but where you couldn't, you know, hold a cup or anything like that? That's what I mean.
Patient: No, I'm sort of. Yeah. Seem to be fine with that sort of stuff, but yeah.
Doctor: Okay. And just a few more questions. Do you. Because I don't have any of your background history, do you suffer from any medical conditions?
Patient: No, general medical history is fine.
Doctor: Fine. And no surgical history that. No medical or surgical complaints? Yeah.
Patient: No, I Suppose I have been away to Thailand a week or so ago. I've had some like usual mosquito bites from sort of traveling around, and a friend of mine has also been a bit unwell. But, yeah, that's the only sort of like history, per se.
Doctor: Right. And do you have any kind of shivering at all, do you. Shivering with the fever?
Patient: I do feel cold quite a lot. You know, it's no sort of shivering, but definitely like a bit cold.
Doctor: Hot and cold. Yeah.
Patient: Yeah.
Doctor: Okay. Right. And are you using. You mentioned about the paracetamol, Griffin, now, but are you on any regular, any medication, anything that you're using at all?
Patient: No.
Doctor: Okay. Any allergies at all?
Patient: No.
Doctor: All right. Okay. And okay. So I believe that it is quite important for us to actually examine you. Yeah, it's not possible for us to do that online. I think you would need to come into one of our hubs to have a proper examination, and I think you would need one quite urgently. Okay. So the things that's running in the back of my mind are kind of viral illnesses that one can get with sort of mosquito bites or foreign travel, like area. The other common thing around Thailand, it will be like some dengue, but that would have like, you would have some blood spots or bleeding or something, which you don't have at the moment, do you?
Patient: No, I mean, I've got a bit of a rash, but nothing like. No, no, no. No bleeding.
Doctor: Okay, so where's the rash?
Patient: It's rashes kind of all over my body. It's not really localized.
Doctor: How would you describe the rash?
Patient: Sort of red and itchy.
Doctor: Red and itchy. Okay, so if you put a glass on top of the rash, does that rash go away? Yes, it goes away. Okay. Okay, so what we need to do is to urgently examine you, and that's sometime today. Okay. And after our examination, there is a high possibility that sometimes we might need to send you to hospital, but I'm not sure as yet. So I'd like you to be seen in one of our hubs as soon as possible.
Patient: Okay.
Doctor: I'll write night notes in and recommend that you would need to be urgent seen by the doctor, preferably in the next few hours time. Okay. And in any case, if that's not available, I'd like you to take yourself to A E. Okay. All right. Any questions at all?
Patient: No, sounds serious.
Doctor: It's. You know, obviously when I've spoken to you, you didn't tick the box for many theories, but you're in the middle somewhere. Let's put it that way.
Patient: Okay.
Doctor: If you know, things like we have to rule out is meningitis and all, but then you just have a general muscle ache. You didn't say that you had things like you had problems looking at light or something. So those are things when we think of meningitis, but. And then it's the. In meningitis, you get a non blanching rash, while in any kind of virus, you know, the rash usually goes away. Saying that we don't know whether these are the beginning stages. So that's why I'd rather. But I would rather you see a GP as soon as possible if we've got a slot available. But if not, I think you need to be seen and maybe have some blood tests and examinations. Okay.
Patient: Okay, cool. Thank you very much.
Doctor: All right, you take care then. Bye now. Cheers. Bye.
