Doctor: Hi.
Patient: Hi. Hello, I'm Dr. Jacobs. Welcome to Babylon. Hello. Hi. Hi. So just before we start, is it alright if you could confirm your name for me, please, and your date of birth?
Doctor: 14 July 1996.
Patient: And your address for me, please?
Doctor: And 28 Cricks Road SW1901EZ?
Patient: That's correct. And just to confirm that you're in a secure location and we can have a confidential conversation.
Doctor: Thank you.
Patient: Okay, so you mentioned in our notes that you got some tightness. If you could like to tell me a bit more about it, please. Yeah.
Doctor: So about two to three days ago I was running with a friend and usually I could talk to her whilst I ran, but I found myself actually short of breath. I'm not really short of breath when I'm walking, but definitely if I'm walking briskly now. And I've used my blue inhaler, but to no avail. It hasn't really helped me. Yeah, so I'm having. I'm just wheezing a bit and coughing. Just generally a bit short of breath.
Patient: Wheezing and coughing. Okay. And you've mentioned you're using the blue inhaler. So how often are you using the blue inhaler?
Doctor: I think just using that as and when I have symptoms.
Patient: Yeah, so at the moment you are having shortness of breath. So are you using it every day at the moment?
Doctor: Yeah, and morning and evening to kind of prevent it as well.
Patient: Okay, and which color, what's the name of your preventer?
Doctor: It's a blue, I think in totality. My history is salbutamol, Klenyl cetraben and hydrocortisone that I'm taking as well.
Patient: Okay, so could you repeat that? Your salbutamol, Klenol.
Doctor: Cetraban and hydrocortisone.
Patient: And hydrocortisone. So you have eczema also? Yeah.
Doctor: What's that? Sorry?
Patient: You do have a history of eczema.
Doctor: My brother's asthmatic and my sister has eczema and I've got a few issues that I think could be eczema as well.
Patient: Okay, Right, So coming back to your, you know, your shortness of breath, you've mentioned your wheezy and you're coughing. Are you bringing up any phlegm at all?
Doctor: No, I don't. I'm not coughing up much sputum.
Patient: Okay. No sputum. Okay. Right, Tio. And how are you using your, your Kleno? So are you using it every day?
Doctor: I think I'm using that every day. And the salbutamol is just like as and when.
Patient: So how are you using the Klenol? Is it twice a day?
Doctor: Yes.
Patient: Okay. And have you ever been admitted in hospital because your asthma was so bad?
Doctor: No, I haven't.
Patient: Okay, right here. When was the last time you had an asthma attack?
Doctor: About three to four years ago.
Patient: Three to four years ago. And what, what did the GP do at that time?
Doctor: Just encouraged me to carry on using my inhalers as a preventative.
Patient: Okay, so you didn't have any oral steroids or antibiotics?
Doctor: Not that I can remember.
Patient: Okay. Okay. Have you ever had oral steroids in the past?
Doctor: No.
Patient: When was the last time you had an asthma review with our nurse?
Doctor: About two years ago.
Patient: Two years ago. Okay. But your asthma was pretty under control till till now, isn't it?
Doctor: Yes, just in the last two days.
Patient: So do you do a peak flow meter at home? Peak flow reading where you blow into. You know, do you do that? No.
Doctor: Just every now and then. I haven't done over the last. Since I've had symptoms.
Patient: Okay, so what was, what's your peak flow reading then? You're good, like normal peak flow reading.
Doctor: I think 130.
Patient: Okay. Let's say it's about 380. Yeah, yeah. Three. Okay. Right, so that's your normal. Yeah, right here. Okay, so what we need. Okay. Do you have any allergies at all?
Doctor: I have hay fever.
Patient: Sorry, could you repeat that, please?
Doctor: Sorry, I have hay fever. Okay.
Patient: Okay. Now any med. Allergies to medication?
Doctor: Oh, no, sorry.
Patient: Okay, so you're not allergic to anything. Okay, so no allergies. Okay, Excellent. Right here. So what we need to do that obviously. We. You haven't had an asthma check for some time and it looks like you can be having a small, small exacerbation. So what I would like you to be seen by one of our GPS in the next few days. In the interim, what I'd like you to do is you can use your blue inhaler as and when. Okay. Use it maximum about every two to four hours. But if you're using it that often, that means too much that you know your asthma is really bad, you can use it, but that's not ideal. The blue brown in your clinol, the brown inhaler, you can up the dose. If you're using just two puffs twice a day, you can increase it to four puffs twice a day. Yeah. And while this is to do. While you're waiting to see us now mentioned, you know, you're doing what you know, increase the clinical to four puffs twice a day. And you're using the asthma, you know, the blue inhalers every two to four hours. And your breathing's getting really worse. Then you would need to take yourself to A. E. You shouldn't wait for our appointment. Okay, so when the doctor sees you, what we're going to do is we're going to examine your chest. Yeah. Make you do the peak reading. So depending on what we find, you might need some antibiotics or some steroids. But anyway, while you're at home, we are going to. By increasing your clinical, we are increasing your steroid intake. And Anyway. Okay, so. Yeah. So any questions you wanted to ask me? Am I. Yeah. So book an appointment, call support, Book an appointment to see, and I will recommend that you need a face to face. In the interim, increase your brown inhaler to four puffs twice a day and your salbutamol inhalers up to every two hourly. But if your breathing's getting worse and you've not seen us, do take yourself to A E. All right, great.
Doctor: Thank you so much for your time.
Patient: You're welcome. Take care then. Bye bye now. Bye bye.
