Doctor: Hello.
Patient: Hi there.
Doctor: Hi. Hi. I'm Dr. Jacob and welcome to Babylon. Hello.
Patient: Hi.
Doctor: So just before we start, is it alright if you could confirm your full name for me please?
Patient: That's John Jones.
Doctor: And your date of birth?
Patient: That's the 29th of September. Okay.
Doctor: And your email address for me please?
Patient: That's john jonesjones.net okay.
Doctor: And just to confirm that you're in a secure location and we can have a confidential conversation.
Patient: Yep, that's absolutely fine.
Doctor: Okay. So you've mentioned on our notes that you're having a bit of a cough and a cold, is that correct?
Patient: Yeah, yeah, it's just. It's been going on for like a few days now. Sort of like coughing and like general runny nose and stuff.
Doctor: Is it two to three days or longer?
Patient: About like five days around that. Yeah. Started like what day is it today? Yeah, at the week. It started at the start of the weekend, so.
Doctor: Okay, so it started off with a cold, did it?
Patient: Yeah. So just like coughing and like runny nose and like kind of muscles aching and stuff like occasions like feeling like, you know, cold chills and things like that.
Doctor: Hot and cold. Yeah. And so about your cough, are you bringing up any phlegm at all?
Patient: No, no, it's like a. It's like a dry cough. It's sort of like, like almost hacking, kind of like.
Doctor: You're not bringing up any blood, are you? No, no, no. Okay. Are you feeling short of breath at all?
Patient: No, no, no. Shortness of like. Yeah, breathing fine.
Doctor: Yeah. So you're not wheezy also rattly noises in your chest?
Patient: No.
Doctor: Okay. Right. So what have you taken so far?
Patient: So just like painkillers and such. I mean in addition to like my normal medication and such. Like.
Doctor: So you mentioned you come to your normal medications, but you've mentioned you've taken some painkillers. Like could you tell me the.
Patient: I would just say paracetamol.
Doctor: Paracetamol. Okay. Any ibuprofen at all?
Patient: No.
Doctor: No. Okay. And also you mentioned some regular medication. Unfortunately I don't have your complete medical history, so if you could tell me what your medications are and what you use them for.
Patient: Yes, I take it's like metformin. I'm a diabetic, so. And I also like to have lisinopril.
Doctor: Lisinopril. Okay.
Patient: Because of my blood pressure.
Doctor: Yeah. Okay. And how long have you been a diabetic? For.
Patient: Like a few years, maybe five or six years.
Doctor: Five, six years. Okay. Okay. Do you monitor your blood sugars at all?
Patient: Yes.
Doctor: Okay. And how have they been doing at the moment?
Patient: No issues, Nothing like out of the ordinary there.
Doctor: Okay. So there's no problems with your blood pressure control at the moment, even though you're not. Okay. So that's. That's absolutely fine. And when was the last time you took your blood pressure?
Patient: I've been this morning.
Doctor: This morning. And what was it? What was the readings like?
Patient: I can't remember, off the top of my head. But it was within the normal.
Doctor: There was nothing alarming? Yeah, normal. Okay, fine. Okay, so that seems all right. Okay, so can I hypothetically look into your mouth? Yeah, sure. Yeah, yeah. So looking into your mouth, you know, there's just a bit. Mild redness at the back of your throat. There's no enlarged tonsils. Can you feel any glands, your neck at all?
Patient: No, I haven't had anything like that.
Doctor: Okay, so it looks like it's just a viral infection because it's just a cold and a cough. There's nothing there. And generally, if you have things like a chest infection, you would have a bit like a wheeze or shortness of breath. So things that we would recommend is you can use, you know, night nurse, day nurse. It's still okay with your medications. Yeah. So I'm sure you are a bit wary to use them, but it's still okay with your current medication you can still use that might be able to make you feel a bit more better quickly. If there's any change, like you're feeling short of breath or your symptoms are lasting more than three weeks or something, or you're becoming poorly, things like that, then you need to get in touch with us. Then probably we might need to examine you and especially your chest, but I don't think so that's necessary at this point in time.
Patient: Okay, that sounds good.
Doctor: Okay. Any questions at all?
Patient: No, I think that's. That's been very helpful, thank you.
Doctor: Okay, so just to round up, just use the night, night nurse, day nurse. If any change in your symptoms, like shortness of breath, wheezy, or symptoms are lasting more than three weeks, then get in touch with us.
Patient: Okay, So I don't need any prescription or anything?
Doctor: No, you don't need anything at the moment. Okay, take care then.
Patient: Thank you very much.
