Doctor: Hello.
Patient: Hi. Hi. My name is Dr. Jacob, and welcome to Babylon. How are you?
Doctor: I'm good. I mean, so I'm bad.
Patient: You're so, so. Okay. Right. So just before we start, is it all right if you could confirm your name for me, please?
Doctor: Albert.
Patient: And your date of birth?
Doctor: 17Th of January, 1987.
Patient: And your address for me, please?
Doctor: 60 and over steps.
Patient: That's good. And just to confirm that you're in a secure location and we can have a confidential conversation. Yes. Okay. So you mentioned in our notes that you've got skin problem. If you can tell me a bit more about it, please.
Doctor: Yes. Over the past few days, I've noticed my skin is sore and red.
Patient: Okay, so where is it sore and red?
Doctor: It's all over my chest, my hands and arms, especially inside of the elbows.
Patient: And the elbows?
Doctor: On the inside of the elbows.
Patient: Okay. Inside of the elbows, yeah.
Doctor: Which is the worst area?
Patient: The worst area? Is it very itchy?
Doctor: It's very itchy and dry.
Patient: All over my body, itchy and dry. Okay. Have you had something like this in the past?
Doctor: Yes. Yes, I have Eczema in the past.
Patient: Okay. Do you think this is similar to your usual eczema or is it worse?
Doctor: I think it's gotten worse. Like this past few years. Days.
Patient: Yeah, but you could be like something similar. So on your skin, is there any, you know, any of the patches, so rare you mentioned it's quite sore. Is it weeping? Is it like watery liquid coming from that area, Weeping?
Doctor: No.
Patient: Nothing that you notice? Okay. Right. Yeah. So you have cracks over there. Okay. And is there any scratch marks on your. On any of the, you know, areas? Any scratch marks?
Doctor: I mean, it's very itchy to scratch myself. There's no scratch mark.
Patient: Okay. Is there any thickened skin, like, you know, where it's. The skin's very thick and darkened areas?
Doctor: No. No, I don't think. I don't think so.
Patient: Okay, right here. So you've mentioned you've got a history of eczema. So what do you do about it? How do you keep it under control?
Doctor: Usually I use a cream called Dipro Base. In the shower. I use something called Dermal.
Patient: Dermal. All right. And have you been using them recently or not?
Doctor: Yes, yes, I use them.
Patient: Use them every day.
Doctor: Yes. There's no change in that. I didn't change any.
Patient: Okay. Have you ever used steroids in the past for your eczema?
Doctor: I. I'm not sure. Yes. Yes, I. Yes, you used it, but it. It's not helping.
Patient: Yeah. Also, you're still using the steroids?
Doctor: Yeah, I tried, I tried.
Patient: Which one? Are you using the steroids? What's the name?
Doctor: I'm not sure. It's.
Patient: Is it the over the counter?
Doctor: It's not there.
Patient: Okay, so is it like the over the counter ones? Sorry, over the counter Hydrocortisone, does that ring a bell? Yeah. So you're using the hydrocortisone? Yeah. Are you using any antihistamines at all? No, no, no antihistamines. Okay, right, fine. Otherwise, other than those rash, you're feeling well in yourself, there's no temperature, no joint pains? Yeah, no joint pain.
Doctor: I realized I've tried also antihistamines and didn't work.
Patient: You've tried the antihistamines and didn't work? Okay, which one did you try?
Doctor: The one over the counter.
Patient: Okay, so like cetrazene? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay, that's fine. Right, okay, so from what you're describing, it looks like, you know, it is quite widespread, your eczema. Yeah. Because you're having it all over your chest and hands and things like that. So do you have any allergies to any medication at all?
Doctor: No, no allergies.
Patient: No allergies. Okay. And you don't, other than eczema, you don't have any other medical condition?
Doctor: I have asthma and in my family there is hypothyroidism and migraine. My mother has migraine.
Patient: Mother has migraine. And what was the other one? I didn't understand. Who has hypothyroidism?
Doctor: My mother.
Patient: Okay, so she has hypothyroidism. Okay, that's fine. Right, you mentioned you have asthma. So what medications are you using for asthma?
Doctor: You know, probably in nadir, the blue inhaler.
Patient: So you don't, you don't use it every day. So you just use it on and off?
Doctor: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Patient: Blue inhalers. But your breathing's all okay? Yeah.
Doctor: Okay. Yeah, yeah. It's only when I have a flare.
Patient: Sure. So what we need to do is obviously you've got extent as I've mentioned, so extensive eczema. What we'll do is we need a couple of things because to keep you a bit comfortable, you would probably need some antihistamines which I'm going to prescribe. Also hydrocortisone is a baby steroids that you use for young children. You might probably need a bit more stronger one like betno weight or something like that. Okay, so we'll try that first. So I'm going to. It's called the antihistamine it's called fexofenadine. And then we will try with some Bettner weight first. So it's like very small amount. Like it's like one fingertip. Yeah. This much is enough to cover your palms and your back of your hands. Yeah. So it's very small amount so that if you can imagine, you can cover with very small amount, the whole body. Yeah. So use that. You have to use it twice a day for the next couple of weeks. Okay.
Doctor: Okay.
Patient: If there's no improvement, you need to get back to us. Or if you have any kind of adverse reaction, like an allergic reaction, which is unlikely, but if it still happens, you need to get in touch with us. Okay?
Doctor: Okay. Thank you very much.
Patient: So what we're going to do is we are going to send off the prescription to your pharmacy. It looks like Boots on the systems, is that correct? Yeah. Yes, yes. So I'll send it across to Boots and it will be there for collecting. If things are getting worse in the next two weeks, call us beforehand. Otherwise, wait for two weeks, take the medication and the cream. You still need to continue on your emollients like the dermal soap and as well as the depravate. Yeah. So you still need to use those in the interim. Any questions at all?
Doctor: No question.
Patient: Thank you very much. You take care then. Bye bye now.
Doctor: Thank you.
Patient: Bye bye.
