Doctor: Hi. Hello.
Patient: Hi. Hi, I'm Maria.
Doctor: Hello, I'm Dr. Jacob and welcome to Babylon. How are you doing?
Patient: I'm alright, thank you. I feel a little weird today, to be honest.
Doctor: Yeah. So just before we start, is it alright if you could confirm your full name for me, please?
Patient: Yes, Maria Trabaloza.
Doctor: Okay. And your date of birth?
Patient: That is 1-10-99.
Doctor: Okay. And your email address for me, please.
Patient: Yes, mtrabagmail.com.
Doctor: Okay. And just to confirm that you're in a secure location and we have a confidential conversation.
Patient: Yes, I think I am. Yeah.
Doctor: Good.
Patient: Right.
Doctor: You've mentioned in your patient notes that you're having some sort of lip swelling and after you had a sandwich. Is that correct?
Patient: Yeah, that is. Well, I don't think, I don't think it was. It wasn't a sandwich, but it was, it was something with prawns. So basically I. I sometimes go with my friends to this place called Fat Pharma and we regularly have like. Usually I have like a normal vegetarian soup or something. And. Yeah, and then I wanted to try something new. So what happened was I ordered a prawn soup. It's. It's. It's called a luxe. It's like a soup. I ordered a prawn one this time.
Doctor: Yeah.
Patient: And. Yeah. And then my heels start, like my lips start feeling a little weird. Just in the, in the corner, sort of on the left first. And then I don't know. And then we went back, we had a little bit of a chat of banter. I wasn't really paying attention. Now I feel that there is a swelling. There is like a swelling on my upper lip and it's kind of getting bigger. I don't know what to do. Right.
Doctor: So when did you have the prawn soup? What time?
Patient: That must have been just after work. So maybe like around seven.
Doctor: Okay, around seven o'. Clock. And how long did it take to develop the swelling?
Patient: Well, I wasn't really paying attention, so it must have been like. Must have been like, I don't know, half an hour maybe.
Doctor: Okay, in half an hour you develop the swelling. Yeah.
Patient: Yeah.
Doctor: Okay. And it's getting bigger and bigger.
Patient: Yeah, you can still feel it, like really pumping blood and it's kind of getting bigger. It feels like it's getting worse.
Doctor: Okay, so just a few more questions. So you mentioned about your swelling of your lips. Is there any feeling of swelling in your throat? Like your throat is closing up? Any feeling like that?
Patient: Yeah, actually I feel like I can't breathe that well. Right now.
Doctor: Okay. And do you feel like your chest is tight?
Patient: I don't know. Chest just generally feels a little difficult.
Doctor: Okay.
Patient: Yeah, it might be. I'm not sure.
Doctor: Okay. Right. And just a few. Have you ever had these, Any kind of lip swelling in the past? Not eating any food?
Patient: Yeah, well, maybe I remember like a year ago, a year ago I was out with my friends and I think we went like to late night kind of Chinese place. And I remember that I was quite drunk, to be honest. And I remember that after like having that very late, I woke up the next morning quite swollen up and had also like.
Doctor: Okay.
Patient: Felt really bad and quite difficult breathing, but I don't know what it was. I had. It was like a curry or something. Okay.
Doctor: And what did you take at that time? Did you use anything like antihistamine or anything when you had that last time?
Patient: Well, I generally have asthma, so I tell. I take. What's it called? Salbutamol inhalus.
Doctor: Yeah.
Patient: Yeah. So I do take that regularly, but I've always taken it. I generally have asthma.
Doctor: And any other inhalers? Is it just the salbutamol that you use? Any other brown inhalers?
Patient: No, I don't think so.
Doctor: Right. And so do you use antihistamines like cetrizine, loratidine, peritone, any of those kind of things?
Patient: Sometimes, but I don't know which ones. So I have a peanut allergy as well. Yeah, like always had it? Yeah, I think I do get antihistamines for that, but I'm not sure which ones.
Doctor: And any point, because you had peanut allergy, anytime you had to ever use like an injection?
Patient: When I was a kid, I think I remember my mom told me about it, but I don't know what it was because I was small and I changed doctors since. Right.
Doctor: Has your mom ever said that you had to go to hospital because you had a severe allergic reaction?
Patient: Yeah, well, I was like six or something, I think after. Swelling is getting. Yeah, I think.
Doctor: Are you okay now?
Patient: You're busy right now, to be honest.
Doctor: You feel easy. Okay. Right. Do you have any kind of antihistamines with you at the moment?
Patient: No, I don't think I have.
Doctor: Right. Okay. So. Right. All right. I'm really a bit worried about you at the moment, Maria. I think we need to call an ambulance because from what history you've been telling me, it sounds like you could be going into what we say, anaphylactic reaction. That's when your throat and your chest closes in and you might need an injection. Like what your mom told you as you were a young child. Right. So is there anyone with you at the moment or are you alone?
Patient: Alone at the moment.
Doctor: So hang on the line while I'll call the ambulance. Okay. And I'll send them right to you. Okay.
Patient: Somebody just came. Yes, I'm not alone anymore. All right.
Doctor: Okay. Somebody just came, so just call the ambulance. Make sure that person's with you till the ambulance comes. Yeah, because we are worried about an anaphylactic reaction, so you need to go straight away. Could you ask the person whether they have any antihistamines around in the interim while we are waiting?
Patient: Yes, Mom. Mom, do we have any antihistamines around? Yes, yes, straight away.
Doctor: And if mom can call. Mom, if you can call the 999. Yeah. And say that there is a suspected anaphylactic reaction and they need to come straight away. Okay.
Patient: Yes, she said she will. Yes.
Doctor: So straight away, take the antihistamines in the meantime. All right?
Patient: Okay. Okay.
Doctor: Come out from the hospital. Do give us a ring back. We might need to sort you out with your injections and things like that. Okay?
Patient: Yes. Yes, I'll do. Yes.
Doctor: Okay, then. Take care.
Patient: Thank you very much.
