Doctor: Hello.
Patient: Hello.
Doctor: Hi, I'm Dr. Jacob and welcome to Babylon. How are you doing?
Patient: I'm okay, thank you. Not feeling that great, actually.
Doctor: All right. I can't see your face properly. Yeah, that's it. That's good. Thank you. So, I'm sorry to hear that, but just before we start, is it all right, if you could confirm your name for me, please?
Patient: I'm Mary Jane Grey.
Doctor: Date of birth?
Patient: Date of birth, 1980.
Doctor: Okay. And your address for me, please?
Patient: I live on SW40NG.
Doctor: That's correct. And just to confirm that you're in a secure location and we can have a confidential conversation.
Patient: Yeah.
Doctor: Okay. So you've mentioned that you're feeling dizzy. Is it? Yes.
Patient: Yeah, I'm feeling. I'm. Yeah, I just feeling very sick. It's probably because I'm feeling dizzy. My room is sort of spinning and I can't walk properly. Well, I can walk properly but not straight and my ears are buzzing a bit. Feeling a bit off.
Doctor: Okay, so when did it all start?
Patient: Started probably about two hours ago maybe. But I had it a similar sort of thing about a month ago, but I didn't really think anything of it because it settled quite quickly. This has been going for a bit more now.
Doctor: Okay, so you mentioned it started a few hours ago. So how did it start? What were you doing?
Patient: I was actually making my husband some breakfast and I. Yeah, I just suddenly felt very fuzzy and dizzy and a bit shaky.
Doctor: Okay, so like the room spinning around?
Patient: Yeah.
Doctor: Okay. And is how long does it last for or is it there now? Continuously now?
Patient: Yeah, it's there the whole time.
Doctor: So it's there now for the past two hours, you'd say? Yeah.
Patient: Yeah.
Doctor: Okay. Did you have any kind of viral illness in the recent past. Past couple of weeks?
Patient: No.
Doctor: No cold, cough, nothing?
Patient: No, I've been pretty healthy, I think. Yeah.
Doctor: Yeah. Okay. You've mentioned that you have some ear buzzing kind of thing. Any kind of ear pain or ear discharge, anything like that?
Patient: No, nothing.
Doctor: Okay. Do you have a temperature at all?
Patient: I don't think so.
Doctor: Okay, right. You also mentioned that you can walk but you're not walking straight. Why is that? Is it because.
Patient: I think just because the room feels like it's moving a bit.
Doctor: It feels like the room. That's why you feel like you're a bit unsteady?
Patient: Yeah, my legs and arms and everything are working fine. I just. I don't feel like I'm stable. The room is spinning.
Doctor: So there's no weakness of your arms and legs? Okay. Right. So you mentioned you had something like this a month ago. So how. How. How long did that episode last for?
Patient: Probably only about five, ten minutes.
Doctor: Okay. Right. And do you have any problems hearing at the moment? Like, is it muffled or something?
Patient: It's just a bit of a buzzy noise in my ears, but otherwise I can hear everything.
Doctor: Okay. Right here. Okay. So have you been physically sick?
Patient: No, but I am feeling very sick.
Doctor: Nausea. Okay. Right here. And I don't have much information of your past medical history, so is there any medical conditions you'd like to tell me? Surgical medical conditions?
Patient: I've had premature ovarian failure and I've taken hrt.
Doctor: Okay. HRT and premature ovarian failure. Okay. And any other medications at all?
Patient: No.
Doctor: Okay. Do you have any allergies at all?
Patient: No.
Doctor: Okay.
Patient: Right.
Doctor: Okay. So talking to you today in the most common, you know, diagnosis we would. You're suffering from at the moment is something called labyrinthitis. Yeah. Okay. That's when your middle year. There is some. Some inflammation going on there, and there is some imbalances in the crystals there in your middle ear. Okay, so what? The most important treatment is actually giving you some kind of middle ear sedative so that you won't feel as if you're going around in a boat kind of feeling. Okay. So that's what we need to start, because to actually make you able to function a bit more, we'll start you on certain medications. I would still like you to be seen by one of our doctors to take a look inside your ears to just make sure. So this is like, just symptomatic relief. Like, if you have a fever, we just give paracetamol. So just to, you know, make you able to come and see one of the doctors and things like that. When. While you're with the doctors, we'd like to do your blood pressure, just examine your, you know, you know, how you're walking, and everything is.
Patient: Okay. Okay.
Doctor: While we are waiting, while you're waiting on seeing the doctor, if you develop any weakness of your legs or arms or, you know, a sudden headache, any of those symptoms, or you start being violently sick with it, then, you know, you would need to take yourself to A and E. Okay. But if not, wait for the appointment for the doctor to examine you, and we'll take it from there. So I'll send the prescription across to your pharmacy. It looks like it's the Lloyd Pharmacy on our system. Is that correct?
Patient: Yeah.
Doctor: Yeah. So we'll send you across that prescription. It's called semitol. Yep. It's one tablet three times a day. So I'll give you about 10 days worth if in the interim, obviously, in the next few days, you'll get to see one of our doctors and we'll have to just take it from there.
Patient: Okay? Thank you so much.
Doctor: Any questions at all.
Patient: Can you take. Do you need to take those tablets with food, or can you just take them anytime?
Doctor: It doesn't really matter. You can take it because sometimes, you know, you get the symptoms as soon as you wake up, so probably you feel a bit sick to eat anything, so might as well just take the tablets.
Patient: Okay, that's great. Thank you so much. That's so helpful.
Doctor: Just make sure you call support to book that appointment. Okay?
Patient: I will. Thank you very much.
Doctor: Bye now. Bye.
