Doctor: Hello.
Patient: Hi. Hi there. My name's Joe. I'm one of the doctors at Babylon. I just. Can I confirm your name, please?
Doctor: Yeah, my name is Brian.
Patient: Sorry, sorry, your name was.
Doctor: Name was Brian.
Patient: Brian. Hi, Brian. Nice name. And your date of birth?
Doctor: Yeah, my date of birth is the 8th of August, 1982.
Patient: Great. And are you in a sort of confidential place where you can speak freely?
Doctor: Yeah, no one else can hear me. Great.
Patient: And you're happy to continue with your consultation?
Doctor: Yes.
Patient: Marvelous. Okay, so how can I help today?
Doctor: Yeah, so basically it's just been happening over the last few weeks or so. I don't really feel like getting up in the morning is really difficult and I don't have much energy at all during the day. Often, yeah. Just like doing most things that I would normally find easy, it's become quite difficult.
Patient: Okay, so things have become quite difficult for you?
Doctor: Yeah.
Patient: Is there anything else?
Doctor: It's quite hard to say. Like, things like, I'm not eating very much at the moment. I just don't feel like I have a lot of energy.
Patient: Okay, I'm sorry to hear that. So you had difficulty waking up? No energy, not eating. That's been going on for a few weeks. When you say a few weeks, do you mean two or three or five.
Doctor: Now? I think about it maybe even longer, I guess might be related to. So I also started a new job slightly recently. It might have even coincided with that job a couple of months ago.
Patient: When did you start your new job? Two months ago, did you say?
Doctor: Yeah. Okay.
Patient: And so this has been going on perhaps for sort of six weeks or so?
Doctor: More like two months, I would say. Yeah.
Patient: Okay. All right. So is there anything that you're particularly sort of concerned about or hoping to get out of this consultation?
Doctor: Well, I know that it's not really normal for me. So before this phase started happening, you know, I wouldn't have any problems sort of eating what I want to eat or doing standard things in life. And what I want to do is to, like, kind of return to that previous state somehow. I'm not sure how that is, what the best ways of doing that are, but give some advice or whatever, that'd be really useful.
Patient: Okay, sure. Okay. Well, what I like to do is just ask you a few more sort of questions around what's been going on and also around your background, health and things like that, and then we can go on to sort of what can be done from there. Is that right? Okay, great. So you say you've been feeling unwell with not a lot of energy, difficult waking up in the mornings. Do you tend to. Just on that note, do you tend to wake up early and then stay in bed in the mornings?
Doctor: Actually, I'm just not normally waking up early. It's more like I'm just having trouble sleeping at all. Probably. I think that's probably close.
Patient: Difficulty sleeping as well. And have you. How has your mood been over this period? Have you been feeling your usual distract?
Doctor: I'd say I kind of. Yeah. Finding it really hard to. Quite difficult to keep focusing. I would say not unhappy or happy, but just quite. Just not focused.
Patient: Okay, so difficulty focusing, quite distracted. And would you say you've been in good spirits or is your mood low?
Doctor: Actually now you mentioned it, like my mood is lower recently and so I Like my sex drive has kind of decreased over the past few months as well. So. Yeah.
Patient: And so lower mood, decreased sex drive recently as well. And just on that note, just a few questions around that. Are you able to. Maybe slightly personal questions, but if you're okay to answer these. Do you tend to have morning erections? Like you. Is that something that you've noticed?
Doctor: I haven't noticed anything like that specifically.
Patient: So you're saying you have not noticed morning erections and usually you would normal thing to have waking up in the morning with something, but you have not noticed those recently?
Doctor: I have not noticed those recently.
Patient: Okay. And that's been a.
Doctor: Important one, I don't think.
Patient: Sorry.
Doctor: Yeah, I don't think it's an important change. No.
Patient: So you don't think there's been a change there?
Doctor: No, there hasn't been a change there.
Patient: Okay, sorry. Right, sorry.
Doctor: Okay, so.
Patient: Just going back to the mood symptoms as well. You've had difficulty focusing, easily distracted, your mood has been slightly lower with lower sex drive.
Doctor: Yeah.
Patient: And in what way has your sex drive been lower? Are you in a relationship at the moment?
Doctor: Yeah, I'm married. I've been for many years. And yeah, just over the last few months, just been disinterested.
Patient: Disinterested. Okay, sorry, you phrased there for a.
Doctor: Moment.
Patient: So less interested as well. Okay. And just to ask you a few questions before we wrap up, is any significant past medical history. So do you suffer from any mental health problems in the past or any physical health problems?
Doctor: So in the past I have a history of hypothyroidism, hypo. Hypothyroidism, hyperthyroidism. Yeah.
Patient: High thyroid. Just to sort of confirm it.
Doctor: Sorry, can you say that again, please?
Patient: Hyper as in high hyperthyroid.
Doctor: Hypo Hypo.
Patient: Okay. Hypothyroid. Thank you.
Doctor: Thank you. Yeah. And also in the past, I mean, I haven't had any kind of specific medical diagnoses along these lines, but there suspicion that it may have had an impact on me. But my father has committed suicide about 15 years ago.
Patient: Okay. Okay. And do you take any medications?
Doctor: I have a drug history of thyroxine, so maybe yes.
Patient: Do you continue to take thyroxine now?
Doctor: Yes. You do?
Patient: So you're taking thyroxine at the moment?
Doctor: Yes.
Patient: Cool. Any drug? Allergies? Are you allergic to any medications?
Doctor: No, I have no medication. Allergies?
Patient: No allergies. And you mentioned the suicide of your father 15 years ago. I'm very sorry to hear that. Is there any other significant family history of medical conditions or psychiatric conditions? No, no depression or anything like that? Running in family or. Okay. And your mother is as well? Any brothers or sisters?
Doctor: Yeah, she's fine and I'm an early child. Okay.
Patient: So I just. Sorry, mine seemed like a slightly random question, but. Any change in your vision?
Doctor: No, no, nothing like that.
Patient: Okay. And just to go back to your. You're saying you had low mood? Some people who do have low mood and low sex drive can sometimes feel suicidal as well. Have you had any thoughts of harming yourself or harming anyone else?
Doctor: No, no, no, not really.
Patient: And are you able to get the usual enjoyment out of your daily activities that you have done in the past?
Doctor: Sometimes. I mean, I guess most of the activities, but when I've been doing sports as well, I find sometimes it's quite difficult to breathe. So I have some kind of like shortness of breath when doing sports compared to maybe a couple of months ago.
Patient: Okay, so you've become more short of breath over the last few months.
Doctor: Yeah.
Patient: And you've had. Okay, so any other things around this? More fatigue, more shortness of breath over the last few months with a lower mood, decreased sex drive? Is there. Just before we wrap up, is there anything else that you would like to talk about?
Doctor: No, nothing specific.
Patient: So getting a little bit towards the end now, but I would quite like to make a bit more of a plan for you. I would like to probably see you in person and do an examination and also we probably like to do some blood tests as well. So do you think it'd be possible to see. To book an appointment in the next few days with your GP or. That would be ideal. I think here. And then we could probably do some more, do an examination and do some investigations, really, to see what's going on.
Doctor: Here a little bit more. That makes sense. Yeah.
Patient: Is that right?
Doctor: Yeah, that's very useful. Thank you. Better to have some kind of plan.
Patient: Yeah, yeah, yeah. I think. I definitely think we need a plan here. It's been nice talking to you. I'm sorry we run out of time now, but we at least started the ball rolling with some further investigations and tests. I'm glad you're, you know, although you have a low mood, you're not feeling suicidal, just to confirm that. And we'll hopefully get to the bottom of some of your tiredness and your other symptoms when we see you.
Doctor: Okay. Thank you very much for taking the time.
Patient: Okay. Thank you. Thanks.
