Doctor: Hello? Hello, can you hear me?
Patient: Yeah, I can. Can you hear me? Hi, My name is Dr. Gohill. Hi. I'm one of the physicians that works at Babylon. Are you in a quiet and private space to talk?
Doctor: I am, yes.
Patient: Good. And can I confirm your name and date of birth, please?
Doctor: It's Jo Bloggs. It's the 7th of June, 1974.
Patient: 74. And how old does that make you?
Doctor: Sorry, 54.
Patient: Perfect.
Doctor: I'm supposed only 53. Great.
Patient: And it says here, it says you're having chest discomfort. Is that correct?
Doctor: That is correct. Yes. I'm experiencing this discomfort in my chest. Okay.
Patient: Can you tell me a little bit more about your chest discomfort, when it started and how you're feeling at the moment?
Doctor: Sure. It's been ongoing for a couple of hours now. I'll say that it. Quite suddenly I was digging in the garden. And if I had to describe where it is, somewhere in the middle of my check. And it's more. It feels more like a pressure, the discomfort more than a pain. If I had to. If I had to describe what that feeling. It's like someone sitting on my chest. Great.
Patient: So you've talked about your chest. Are you still in discomfort at the moment?
Doctor: Yes.
Patient: Okay, and when it started, how would you rate it out? Out of ten?
Doctor: Okay, about a. Seven out of ten can be very sort of unbearable and severe pain. Seven is quite manageable. It's quite this old, comfortable.
Patient: And how about now?
Doctor: It's still the same.
Patient: Okay. And tell me, before this happened, what were you doing?
Doctor: I was relaxing my wife and we're watching Jeremy Kyle.
Patient: Okay.
Doctor: Still gardens. A garden.
Patient: Okay. And how often do you do gardening?
Doctor: Every other week, so fortnightly. Okay.
Patient: And are you normally fit and well? So are you normally okay to garden as you would?
Doctor: Yes.
Patient: Great. And apart from this, do you have any other medical problems?
Doctor: High cholesterol and they've had hypertension. No. Have hypertension.
Patient: Okay, so that's high blood pressure and high cholesterol. Do you take any medications for that?
Doctor: No, I don't take any medicine.
Patient: Okay. And are you allergic to anything?
Doctor: Aspirin.
Patient: Okay, so let me summarize what you've told me already. You were gardening a few hours ago and you experienced chest discomfort, which was roughly 7 out of 10. It feels more like someone sitting on your chest as opposed to pain.
Doctor: Yes. That's good.
Patient: And apart from this, have you noticed anything else unusual, specifically with your breathing?
Doctor: Yes, I have. I've got shortness of breath. I feel slightly light headed.
Patient: Okay. And is that getting Worse or better.
Doctor: It'S remained the same. Although, I'll say recently, I've noticed in terms of sort of breathing, I've had some difficulty climbing stairs. And if I had to sort of walk uphill, there's that sort of challenge as well.
Patient: And when you get short of breath, when you're walking up the stairs, have you noticed any pain?
Doctor: No pain as such, but there's often calf pain and leg swelling, so.
Patient: Okay, so let me confirm, you have the pressure at the moment and you have shortness of breath. Is that correct?
Doctor: That is correct, yes.
Patient: So given what you've told me about your past medical history, I think it might be worth you calling an ambulance.
Doctor: Okay.
Patient: Get you to the hospital as soon as possible, because my concern is it might be something to do with your heart. So while we talk to you, I will ring an ambulance who should come to your address.
Doctor: Right.
Patient: But in the meantime, I think we should stay on the phone so I can gather some more information that we can give to the paramedics. Is that okay?
Doctor: Should I be concerned about anything?
Patient: It's nothing to worry about at the moment, but given that you've got high blood pressure and high cholesterol and you've got some chest pain, I'm always worried about the heart first before anything else. And we need to look after your heart before anything else. So apart from this lightheadedness and this chest discomfort, have you noticed anything else unusual?
Doctor: Nothing else unusual. I'm not sure if I spoke to you about nausea. I've noticed some nausea, but no vomiting yet.
Patient: Do you have anything to eat or drink this morning?
Doctor: No.
Patient: And you still feel nauseous at the moment?
Doctor: I have, Yeah, I am, yes.
Patient: So I have a couple of other questions to ask you and I'm going to reel them off. So apologies for not letting you talk very much. Have you noticed this pressure radiating to your head?
Doctor: Not to my head, no.
Patient: And how about to your left or right arm?
Doctor: Yes, there is pain in my left shoulder and now.
Patient: And does that pain go anywhere else to your left arm or to your back?
Doctor: No.
Patient: And have you noticed any problems swallowing or drinking water?
Doctor: No.
Patient: Good. And have you noticed any problems going to the loo?
Doctor: No problems going to the loo.
Patient: And you're normally fit and well, apart from the two things you told me about.
Doctor: Yes. However, there are some problems just performing daily activities, like I said, with the difficulties climbing upstairs and going uphill, I try to limit my daily activity to just move around the house, nothing to stress.
Patient: And do you live at home with Your wife? At the moment, yes.
Doctor: Okay.
Patient: I would suggest if she's there, you let her know that you'll both be having an adventure to the hospital today, so she might need to get your things together.
Doctor: Got it. Okay.
Patient: The ambulance should be there very soon. In the meantime, I would suggest that you stay calm and have some water if you need to. Don't take any of those medications. The paramedics should be with you very shortly. So when they do come, there are two things they will be worried about. The one is your chest, so your heart. And second is your breathing, which is your lungs. So they will give you lots of things to breathe through and attach things to your arms just to check things like your blood pressure and your heart rate. So don't be worried. And when you get to the hospital, you'll be seen by a consultant pretty much immediately.
Doctor: Yeah. That's reassuring and calming. Thanks for that.
Patient: Sure. So I will let the paramedics do their job. And when you're at the hospital, the consultant would normally call me within a couple of minutes to let me know how everything's going.
Doctor: Oh, that's great. Great.
Patient: I'll book another appointment to see you soon once you've had your adventure.
Doctor: That's perfect. Thank you so much.
Patient: No problems. Do you have any questions for me?
Doctor: No questions. I'll just await the ambulance. Great.
Patient: Thank you very much.
Doctor: No problems. I'll speak to you soon. Thank you so much. Bye. Okay.
