Doctor: Oh, hello. Hi. Hi. How you doing? My name is Joe. I'm one of the doctors here at Babylon. Can I confirm your name, please?
Patient: Yeah, sure. Daniel.
Doctor: Rai. Daniel. And your date of birth?
Patient: Yeah, male, 1992.
Doctor: 92. Okay, Daniel. And are you in a comfortable and confidential place to talk?
Patient: Yeah, totally.
Doctor: Happy to. Go ahead. Great. How can I help?
Patient: Yeah, I just. My chest has been feeling really tight.
Doctor: Okay, and how long has this been going for?
Patient: About three hours now.
Doctor: Okay, and so tight chest for three hours. And so you're born in 92, so it makes you 26. 26, yeah. And you are. Any shortness of breath at all with that?
Patient: Yeah, like a little bit. Yeah, a little bit short of breath. Not too bad.
Doctor: Any cough, wheeze?
Patient: Yeah, I'm feeling a bit wheezy as well. Coffee? Coughing?
Doctor: Yeah, Slight cough.
Patient: Yeah, yeah.
Doctor: Sore throat, runny nose, sore ears.
Patient: You know, I had a cold last week, and it's not as bad as it was, but, yeah, I had a sore throat, I had a runny nose. Just feeling under the weather.
Doctor: You feeling better now, other than the tight chest?
Patient: I mean, I feel worse, but the runny nose isn't as bad anymore.
Doctor: Right. Okay. Okay. But now you've got this. So you still got. Still got symptoms of a cold? Essentially, yeah.
Patient: The coughs kind of stuck around.
Doctor: Yeah. Okay. Are you coughing up anything?
Patient: No.
Doctor: And do you have any other medical problems, like asthma?
Patient: Yeah, yeah, I have asthma. I've had it for a while now. And then I have, like, a hay fever, you know, some allergies.
Doctor: Okay. Do you have any inhalers or any medications?
Patient: Yeah, so, you know the Ventolin, it's called Salbutamol. Yeah, I got that one. And then I have a steroid. Clinol inhaler.
Doctor: Clinol modulate. Yeah. Okay.
Patient: Yeah.
Doctor: And have you been using clinol and the Ventolin and how often you've been using them?
Patient: Well, to be honest, I was away at uni last week and I forgot to bring it with me, so I haven't really in the past week because. Because I'm sorry. They ran out and I forgot to go and grab the next one.
Doctor: Yeah, sure, about a week ago. All right. So you haven't got any clinical or any Ventolin at the moment?
Patient: Not with me right now. No, I ran out.
Doctor: Okay.
Patient: All right.
Doctor: Any drug allergies that you know of?
Patient: No, no, not allergic to anything. Just like. Just the dust and stuff, but nothing. No drugs.
Doctor: Okay, great. Now, do you. Anyone in your family had any medical problems?
Patient: Yeah, my mom has eczema and my dad has asthma. Oh. When I was young I also had eczema and I had a milk protein allergy when I was young too.
Doctor: Okay, so just. Do you have any other sort of concerns or ideas about what might be going on for this consultation?
Patient: Not really. Like I feel like asthma's probably a part of it and probably getting my inhalers wouldn't be helpful. It's just kind of scary because I haven't had a time like this where I've been so tight in a long time.
Doctor: Yeah, absolutely, I can imagine. Well, it certainly sounds like you've had this cold. You've got wheezy with a cough and it's non productive cough and you're short of breath. Is the cough worse at nighttime?
Patient: I mean it gets a little bit worse at night, but basically just pretty consistent. It hasn't gone away.
Doctor: Okay. And you've got this tight chest but you wouldn't say you've got chest pain. It's more a tight chest, is it?
Patient: No, not really pain, it's more like tight. It just feels like sometimes you can't get a full breath in, you know?
Doctor: Yeah, sure. Okay. Well, I would quite like to certainly get you some Ventolin clinomodulate. Have you had asthma exacerbations in the past?
Patient: Not in a long time. When I was young, a little bit more like back in high school. But I've been pretty good at taking my inhalers, so not so much anymore.
Doctor: Have you ever been to hospital as an inpatient, as in, you know, stayed in there overnight for asthma?
Patient: Yeah, when I was in high school I had to have a tube put down my throat.
Doctor: Oh, okay. So you say. So you, you had, you went to hospital and had a. So you stayed in hospital for a few days, did you? With an asthma exacerbation?
Patient: Yeah, I did, yeah.
Doctor: Okay. But currently you're just on ventolin and clinol and you haven't got any of those steroids, those inhalers.
Patient: I'd be pretty good. I've been pretty good just on the clinical and the salbutamol.
Doctor: Sorry, how old were you when you had that severe asthma exacerbation?
Patient: I think I was like 17, 16 maybe.
Doctor: Okay. Just to quantify how short of breath you are, I don't suppose you've got a peak flow with you? No, you won't have, will you? Are you able to like walk up flight of stairs. Okay. Walk on the flat. Okay. Without getting too short breath or are you short of breath of rest I'm.
Patient: Definitely not short of breath at rest, like, except for that feeling I was describing. It does. When I'm walking upstairs, I do feel like I have a little bit more short of breath than I would normally be.
Doctor: Yeah, okay, but you're not short of breath of rest at the moment?
Patient: No, no, no, I'm not.
Doctor: Okay, fine. So what I think. And just, just go over, is there anything you had hoped about getting other than the. A prescription for your inhalers? Was there anything else that you'd hoped about getting from this?
Patient: I just want to know that I'm okay to just like, keep. I just don't want to have to get that. That intubation again.
Doctor: Sure, yeah, absolutely. Well, I'm really glad you've all talked to me today. I think what we can do is, is give you a prescription for some more of the inhalers. We can get that to you within the hour, I would hope. And I think the other thing I'd like to do is just give you a dose of steroids. So these are tablets which you can take for five days, two tablets in the morning, and that should just dampen down your asthmatic response. Okay.
Patient: Okay.
Doctor: Now, there are some side effects to the steroids which I should really tell you about, but please read the label that's associated with. Don't be too worried about the side effects. Most of the time, the steroids are very well tolerated. And have you had them in the past? Do you know of.
Patient: Sorry, you were cutting in and out a little bit there. What were you saying?
Doctor: Have you had steroids in the past?
Patient: I can't remember. Probably.
Doctor: Probably, yeah. So they can come, they can make you. Your mood change, can be slightly low or slightly high, can give you a high blood sugar, and they can also cause rash, nausea, headaches. But mostly it's well tolerated and it should help you out an awful lot. What I like to do is send you these. Some prescriptions for your inhalers are ongoing. So you can. Once you get better from this asthma attack, you can. You can use the clinalmodulate in the morning with Ventolin as a prn. So Ventolin when you need to. When you're getting. If you should start to use the Ventolin more than every three hours at any time, it's a good idea to seek medical attention so see a doctor in some capacity. And the other thing I'd like to send you is a spacer which would allow the medication to actually go into your lungs. Better have you. Do you know what spacer is. Have you used one before?
Patient: Yeah, yeah, somebody taught me how to use zone a while ago. I don't really use it, to be honest.
Doctor: But have you got one?
Patient: I think I do. I have one somewhere.
Doctor: Okay. All right, well, I'll send you another one. And it has some instructions about how to use it, but essentially couple of puffs to prime it inside, breathing in and out for five or ten breaths.
Patient: Okay?
Doctor: Yeah. So was there anything else that was on your mind or you're concerned about at this stage?
Patient: I think you got me covered.
Doctor: Okay. And might give you some time off work as well. You can self certify for seven days, but I think I would advise you just to rest a little bit until you're feeling a bit better, if you're okay with that. All right.
Patient: All righty. Well, thank you very much.
Doctor: No worries. Any deterioration in your symptoms, like worsening shortness of breath or just generally concerning symptoms, pain in your chest, tightness, feeling lightheaded, then seek further medical attention anytime, please. Okay.
Patient: All right. Sounds good.
Doctor: Okay, thank you.
Patient: Okay, thank you. Bye.
Doctor: Bye, bye.
