Doctor: Hello.
Patient: Hello. Hi, how you doing?
Doctor: Good, thank you. How are you?
Patient: Fine, thanks. Yeah, I'm Jo, I'm one of the doctors at Babylon. Can I just confirm your name please?
Doctor: My Name's Lizzie Irvine, 23rd of July, 1995.
Patient: Great, thank you, Lizzy. And are you in a confidential and comfortable space to talk?
Doctor: Yeah, especially on a Friday.
Patient: Great, how can I help?
Doctor: Yeah, just for the last couple of days I've been feeling really sick in my lower tummy and I've had a bit of a temperature, so feeling quite like hot and sweaty and it's, yeah, getting really uncomfortable.
Patient: Okay, so you've been feeling nauseous and you've had some pain in your lower tummy or you say you've been feeling sick in your lower tummy?
Doctor: Yeah, it's more of an ache. So like an ache in my lower tummy and then I think feeling hot and sweaty. Sometimes think it's sickness, but yeah, a bit of an ache.
Patient: Okay, so if it's feeling hot, sweaty, unwell for three days, feeling sick, nausea with an ache in your low tummy, any actual vomiting?
Doctor: So yeah, no, just nauseous, no vomiting yet, luckily. And it's only been for a couple of days, but yeah, two days.
Patient: Yeah. Okay. And any problems with your waterworks or diarrhea?
Doctor: No. So I'm, I'm going to the loo a little bit more often than usual. I drink lots of water, but it does feel like more often. But yeah, like nothing, nothing too out of the ordinary and I was, I was a little bit like, I don't know, constipated I guess about a week ago, but I'm okay now.
Patient: Okay, so you bit cultivated a week ago. Things. You're having regular bowel motions now. You said you had a bit of diarrhea or a bit of watery. Did you?
Doctor: No, it was more like I was just a little bit bunged up and then about a week ago that kind of cleared and I'm normal now.
Patient: Okay, and you're saying you go, you're drinking lots of water, you're going to the toilet more frequently for a wee?
Doctor: Yes. Yeah, I'd say so. I tend to drink a lot of water anyway, but I feel like I'm going to the toilet more.
Patient: Any pain when you pass urine?
Doctor: No, no pain, no stinging? No. Just seems normal. Yeah.
Patient: Okay. And, and sort of no foul smelling urine or anything like that?
Doctor: No, nothing, nothing I can think of.
Patient: You're saying you're going a bit more frequently. Are you having to go with urgency to the toilet? A wee?
Doctor: No, there's no urgency. Yeah, no pain or urgency. Just peeing quite frequently. But it's all seeming normal. It. I probably wouldn't have thought of it being linked, but. Yeah.
Patient: Okay. All right. So the main symptom is feeling sick with this. You've been feeling bunged up and this sort of pain in your tummy. Just to ask a few more questions about the pain in your tummy, how would you describe the pain?
Doctor: It's. Yeah, it's like below my belly button. It's aching. It does make me feel nauseous. Yeah, so it's kind of more like, I guess like a dull ache just below the belly button kind of. Yeah. Here.
Patient: Okay. And is it constant or is it coming and going?
Doctor: It's. Yeah, it's feeling pretty constant over the last couple of days.
Patient: And just need to ask a few questions about your periods and stuff. Any chance you could be pregnant at the moment?
Doctor: I don't know. Probably not. I don't think so. I'm very careful.
Patient: Sexually active at the moment?
Doctor: Yes. Yeah.
Patient: And you mentioned about periods.
Doctor: I did notice a bit of. I don't know, it's like. Not necessarily like spotting, but like in my. My pee is like a little. I suppose, I think. I thought it was my period. It's like a little bit pink.
Patient: In your p. Did you say your pee is slightly red or slightly pink?
Doctor: Yeah, but I am kind of like due on my. I didn't know if that was like. Yeah, part of it.
Patient: Okay, so when was your last menstrual period?
Doctor: Around a month ago? Yeah, three and a. Three and a bit weeks ago.
Patient: Okay, so three. And did you say you're sexually active? Are you using contraception?
Doctor: I've got the arm, the implants.
Patient: And one sexual partner. A regular. Regular boyfriend.
Doctor: Yeah.
Patient: But just to go back to your symptom of constipation, can I just clarify, when was the last time you had a bowel motion?
Doctor: Yesterday.
Patient: Okay. And do you feel like you are still quite bunged up at the moment?
Doctor: No, it seems to have cleared up. So I was about a week ago, but I'm okay. Okay now. The last few days? Yeah, it's been okay.
Patient: Okay. All right. So you just to sort of confirm your symptoms, you're feeling sort of sick, normal. Nauseous with tummy pain, which is fairly constant. Did the tummy pain come on suddenly or gradually?
Doctor: It's only been for the last two days, so I guess, yeah, quite recently.
Patient: So it's come on gradually, is it? Yeah, not sudden onset. Okay. And your last menstrual period was just three and a bit weeks ago, but you say you've had a little bit of spotting, possibly before, in between periods or recently?
Doctor: Yeah, the last kind of week or so. Yeah, the last couple of days. Really? But because I was due on. Yeah, I think. Yeah, just the last couple of days.
Patient: Okay. But you're expecting your period soon?
Doctor: Yes, yeah, sure.
Patient: Okay. And just to ask a few questions, do you have any other medical problems I need to be aware of?
Doctor: I'm allergic to amoxicillin.
Patient: Allergic to amoxicillin. But no other medical problems?
Doctor: No, not that I'm aware of.
Patient: Any drug allergies? You mentioned amoxicillin, but anything else?
Doctor: No, that's it.
Patient: And do you take any medications at the moment?
Doctor: No medications, but I'm on the implants. I think it's called implanon.
Patient: Implanon, yeah, sure. Okay. Do you smoke?
Doctor: No.
Patient: And do you live alone with your partner?
Doctor: With my boyfriend.
Patient: And any other medical. Sorry. Any diseases running your family?
Doctor: Not any of this spring to mind in my immediate family. My brother is a type one diabetic.
Patient: Sure. Okay, great. So is there anything that you're particularly concerned about with this nausea and the constipation?
Doctor: I don't know, it's just a really, like a really horrible ache and obnoxious, hot, sweaty feeling. I'm not really sure why it's happening the last couple of days. That's probably all that's getting comfortable.
Patient: Yeah. Anything that you'd hoped particularly to get out of having this consultation?
Doctor: Anything.
Patient: Sorry, was there anything that you'd hope to get out of having this specific consultation other than a diagnosis and getting better and, you know, being on the right track to feeling better?
Doctor: Yeah, no, that's kind of. I just want to get back to normal.
Patient: Yes.
Doctor: A bit more comfortably.
Patient: Yeah, sure. Okay. So. And then finally, I didn't ask you, do you have any discharge or anything like that from down below?
Doctor: No, no. No discharge.
Patient: No discharge. Okay. All right. So I think this could be a few different things. It could just be simple constipation. You mentioned that you were bunged up, but you did go yesterday. So it's. And your bowel habits that you've been going regularly. But you did mention that you were bunged up, but there could be a few other things going on. I would quite like to see you to do some further, to do an examination and to do some tests as well. We need to definitely rule out pregnancy with you and possibly do some other examinations or fail the test. So would you be happy to actually see a GP face to face soon today?
Doctor: Yes.
Patient: And you're feeling hot and sweaty. Have you been feeling light headed at all or like you're going to faint?
Doctor: No, no, not like I'm going to faint.
Patient: Okay. All right. Well, we're just sort of tying up, running out of time a little bit, but I'd really like to see you for some more examination investigations. If in the meantime, between now and me or AGP seeing you, you feel worse in any way, you get lightheaded, you develop any symptoms which are concerning to you, then I think take them quite seriously and see somebody more urgently if possible. Okay. Was there anything else that you want to talk about right now? I'm glad we've got the ball rolling with this and we can sort of see you again to take this a little bit further. Okay.
Doctor: Yeah. Thank you. Really appreciate that.
Patient: Okay. All right. Thanks for your time.
Doctor: Go.
Patient: Thanks. Bye.
