Doctor: Hi. Hi there. It's Dr. Smith in Babylon. Thank you. Can you confirm your name, date of birth and your home address, please?
Patient: Yes, I can. It's Mary Smith. I'm 28 and I live at apartment 4059C, Clerkenwell Road.
Doctor: Okay, that's fine. Are you in a private place you can have a consultation today?
Patient: Yes, I am.
Doctor: What can I do for you?
Patient: I keep having a headache.
Doctor: Okay, and when did it start?
Patient: It started yesterday. It's unusual for me to have a headache.
Doctor: Okay, can you just tell me whereabouts in your head it is?
Patient: It's on the left side at the back.
Doctor: Okay. Just on the left side?
Patient: Yes.
Doctor: When did it start? What time of day did it start?
Patient: Yesterday, about mid morning.
Doctor: And how did it feel when it first started?
Patient: Just quite intense and kind of quite throbbing. It kind of built up gradually over a short period of time.
Doctor: Okay, and did you get any other symptoms along with that? Any nausea, vomiting, tingling, numbness, weakness anywhere?
Patient: No, nothing.
Doctor: Okay. And any blurred vision or any pain over your eyes?
Patient: No.
Doctor: Any funny lights or anything like that in your vision area? Any problems when you look into the light?
Patient: No.
Doctor: And if you've been eating and drinking, okay?
Patient: Yes. Yes.
Doctor: Are you feeling sick or vomiting or anything?
Patient: No, nothing like that.
Doctor: Any high fever? Are you feeling shivery, sweaty?
Patient: No, no fever.
Doctor: Any rashes at all?
Patient: No.
Doctor: And in the past, have you had any headaches before?
Patient: Not really.
Doctor: Okay, how bad would you say the headache is? From 0 to 10 if 10 is the worst pain that you could have and 0 is nothing.
Patient: Say about 8.
Doctor: Okay. And have you taken any painkillers?
Patient: I took some Nurofen yesterday.
Doctor: Okay, and did that make any difference?
Patient: Not really.
Doctor: Okay. And last night, did you manage to sleep through the night? Okay.
Patient: Yes, I did.
Doctor: Has it been worse at any particular time of the day?
Patient: No, it hasn't made any difference.
Doctor: The time of the day any difference if you lie down, stand up, bend over, cough or sneeze or anything like that?
Patient: No.
Doctor: And have you got any other medical problems?
Patient: No, I haven't.
Doctor: Anything you take medication for?
Patient: No, I don't.
Doctor: Any over the counter medications or allergies?
Patient: No, only the Nurofen I took yesterday, Ibuprofen.
Doctor: And any stomach problems or asthma at all? Anyone in your family got any medical problems?
Patient: My mother's had hypertension and she does get migraines.
Doctor: And have you had your blood pressure checked?
Patient: No, not recently.
Doctor: And who do you live with at home? Who do you live with at home?
Patient: My partner.
Doctor: And what's your job day to day?
Patient: I'm a designer.
Doctor: Have you had to miss any work at all?
Patient: No, but I don't feel that I'm finding it really hard to do any of my work or normal things.
Doctor: Okay. And do you smoke at all normally?
Patient: No, I don't.
Doctor: Do you drink any alcohol regularly?
Patient: No.
Doctor: And any other drugs?
Patient: No.
Doctor: No. Okay. I mean, the fact that you haven't had headaches before is unusual. The fact that they've developed. Is there anything you think's changed, any increased stress, change in your diet or lifestyle?
Patient: Not that I can. Not that I can think of.
Doctor: Okay, so what we would suggest is trying slightly stronger pain relief. So similar to ibuprofen, but taking it instead of ibuprofen, not at the same time, and taking that regularly with food, hopefully that will settle it down. You can take paracetamol along with that. Try and take rest, have lots of good hydration. But if the pain's getting worse or you get new symptoms, feel fever, rash, vomiting, neck stiffness, or you keep getting episodes of the same type of thing, then we need to speak to you and make a plan for. We can do next.
Patient: Okay. Thank you.
Doctor: Any other questions?
Patient: How long do you think it will last for?
Doctor: Well, I should think it should pull down. If it's getting worse or not settling in the next day or two, then certainly give us a call back when you try the medication that I prescribed from the pharmacy.
Patient: Okay.
Doctor: Okay.
Patient: Thank you.
Doctor: All right, then. Thanks a lot. Bye.
