Doctor: Good morning, I'm Dr. Smith from Babylon. Can you just confirm your name, date of birth in the first line of your address, please?
Patient: Hi, My name is Susan. 30 Reedbridge Street, SW2. 2HZ.
Doctor: And your date of birth?
Patient: 1402.
Doctor: Okay. Are you in a private place you can have a consultation today?
Patient: Yes, I am.
Doctor: Okay, what can I do for you?
Patient: It hurts when I pee.
Doctor: Okay, and how long has that been going on?
Patient: For six days now.
Doctor: Pardon?
Patient: Six days.
Doctor: Six days. Okay, and just tell me a bit more about that. How did it start?
Patient: I've got this sting when I pee and it hurts when I go to the loo. Got this very unpleasant smell that comes out.
Doctor: Okay, and have you had any other symptoms along with that? Have you had any abdominal pain or lower back pain at all?
Patient: I've got pain in my tummy.
Doctor: Whereabouts in my lower tummy. Okay. Is it one sided or in the middle?
Patient: In the middle.
Doctor: And how bad would you say that is on a scale of 1 to 10, with 10 being the worst pain?
Patient: 7.
Doctor: And is it constant or does it come and go?
Patient: Comes and goes.
Doctor: Okay, and have you actually been able to pass water? Okay.
Patient: Yes, but I've had spotted blood in my urine.
Doctor: And is that just over the last six days?
Patient: Yes.
Doctor: Right. And have you been able to eat and drink? Okay.
Patient: Yes.
Doctor: And have you had a temperature? Do you feel like you've been feverish or had a temperature with this?
Patient: No, not at all.
Doctor: And you said you didn't have any low back pain?
Patient: No, I've got. And no loin pain as well.
Doctor: Okay, and have you had these symptoms before? No, never. And was there anything you were doing recently which you think may have contributed to it? Have you been doing lots of exercise, been dehydrated, been having regular sexual intercourse or anything?
Patient: No.
Doctor: No. Okay. And any, any other symptoms, any vaginal discharge or anything like that?
Patient: No, just the blood spot in my.
Doctor: Do you have regular periods?
Patient: Yes, I do.
Doctor: Okay. And in the past, have you had any medical problems at all?
Patient: No. Medical, no.
Doctor: Have you had any problems with your kidneys or any urine infections?
Patient: I had IBS before.
Doctor: Okay, and how's that been recently? Any change in your bowel habit, any blood when you pass stool?
Patient: Yeah, I've had spotting in my urine.
Doctor: Okay. Any change in your bowel habit?
Patient: No.
Doctor: Any weight loss or anything?
Patient: No.
Doctor: Any other medical problems or surgery in the past?
Patient: No.
Doctor: Do you take regular medications?
Patient: I've had Mebavin.
Doctor: Do you take that regularly?
Patient: Yes.
Doctor: Okay, and do you take it three times a day?
Patient: Yes, I do.
Doctor: 200 milligrams?
Patient: Yes.
Doctor: Any allergies? Any allergies?
Patient: Clindamycin.
Doctor: You are allergic to clindavicin. Okay. And anyone in your family had any medical problems?
Patient: No.
Doctor: That's fine. And whereabouts do you live? Do you live with friends? Family?
Patient: I live with friends.
Doctor: Okay. And where do you work? What's your job?
Patient: I'm a support worker.
Doctor: Okay. Do you drink alcohol at all?
Patient: Occasionally.
Doctor: So how much in an average week?
Patient: One glass of wine a week.
Doctor: Okay. Do you smoke?
Patient: No.
Doctor: Okay. It sounds very much like you might have an infection in your urine. Did you say you haven't felt feverish?
Patient: No fever at all.
Doctor: Have you got a thermometer at home?
Patient: No.
Doctor: Okay. It would be helpful if you could get a thermometer from the pharmacy and do check your temperature just to make sure that it isn't going up and down. Normally. We can treat this infection without having to test your urine with. With a course of antibiotics.
Patient: Okay.
Doctor: How would you feel about that? Are you happy to take a course of antibiotics?
Patient: Yes, I would be.
Doctor: It would just be for three days.
Patient: Okay. Get my prescription?
Doctor: Yes. So I can send a prescription through to your requested pharmacy for that. If you take them as soon as you can get them, pick them up as soon as you can and start taking them. The other thing which is important to do is to drink lots of water. So two and a half to three liters a day, you can get some cranberry juice and drink that as well. That sometimes helps. And also some sachets which you can get from the chemists and staphylos, which just help change the acidity of your urine. So I can put the details of that on your notes.
Patient: Okay. Then.
Doctor: If you feel like your pain is getting worse or not settling, you get lower back pain, or you're getting a high temperature, you have any problems actually passing urine, then it's very important that we speak to you again.
Patient: Okay.
Doctor: And the other thing is, if it becomes a common thing or a recurrent problem, then we need to talk to you again about it.
Patient: So do I have to call after I finish my course of antibiotics?
Doctor: No, not if you're better.
Patient: Okay.
Doctor: If you're. If you feel like your symptoms get worse at any point or they're not resolving with the treatment, or you keep getting a similar. You keep getting a similar problem recurrently, then it's important for us to talk, talk to you in more detail about that. Ok. Have you got any other questions?
Patient: No. What would be the pharmacy? I'll be picking up my medication from.
Doctor: So have you already requested a pharmacy through Babylon?
Patient: Yes, I did.
Doctor: Can I just check that with you?
Patient: Knightsbridge practice.
Doctor: Okay, that's fine. So the antibiotics that I'm going to prescribe will go through to that pharmacy, and you'll be able to pick them up from there.
Patient: How soon is that going to be at the practice? In five minutes.
Doctor: I would give it longer than that. Give it an hour or so.
Patient: All right, then. Thank you. I'll pick that at lunchtime.
Doctor: Okay. All right, then. Thank you. Take care. Bye.
Patient: Bye.
Doctor: Sorry I didn't keep.
