Doctor: Hello, I'm Dr. Smith from Babylon. Hi there. Can you confirm your full name, date of birth and the first line of your address, please?
Patient: And I'm 20, 23 years old.
Doctor: Can you confirm your date of birth and the first line?
Patient: 1996.
Doctor: Okay, and your address.
Patient: Is 60 Sloan?
Doctor: Yep. Okay, and are you in a private place? You can have a consultation?
Patient: Yes.
Doctor: Okay. What can I do for you today?
Patient: Yeah, sorry, I can't hear you.
Doctor: What can I do for you today?
Patient: I'm having really bad tummy egg, like at the bottom. At the lower bottom of my belly.
Doctor: Right. Okay. And when did it start?
Patient: A few days ago. I was aware I was doing well. Everything was okay. Just few days started and it's kind of really getting worse with time.
Doctor: Okay, and whereabouts in your. In your abdomen do you think it is? Can you just explain to me whereabouts it is?
Patient: Yeah, it's like lower. In my lower abdomen.
Doctor: Okay, and is it in the middle or to one side?
Patient: No, it's in the middle.
Doctor: Is it around your belly button or above or below that?
Patient: Below.
Doctor: And is it there all the time or does it come and go?
Patient: It's there all the time.
Doctor: Okay, and what would you say is on a scale of 1 to 10, with 10 being the worst pain you've ever had?
Patient: Maybe 8.
Doctor: Okay. And have you. Are you having any other symptoms with it?
Patient: Yeah, like as in, like I have like vaginal, sometime bleeding, but it's like light color and sometimes I'm constipated, like.
Doctor: Okay, so when was your last period?
Patient: My last month? Two weeks ago. I'm sorry, about two weeks. Three weeks ago.
Doctor: Okay. And are you having sexual intercourse regularly?
Patient: Yes. Yes, I do. Four weeks ago. Four days ago. Sorry, I just had.
Doctor: Are you using any contraception?
Patient: Yes, I am. I use it from last one year. Plan on calling. Plan.
Doctor: Okay. And do you have your periods when you. Since you've been using the Implanon, do you have periods?
Patient: Yes, ideally.
Doctor: Or are they sporadic?
Patient: No, they are sporadic. Like not the time it changes. Yeah.
Doctor: Right.
Patient: Okay.
Doctor: And was your last period normal?
Patient: Yeah.
Doctor: And any problems with nausea or vomiting?
Patient: Yeah, I feel nausea. Like, I feel like vomiting, but I don't. I get nauseated, but I don't vomit. Right.
Doctor: And have you been eating and drinking? Okay.
Patient: Yeah, yeah, my regular activities and drinking and other things. Okay. But it just very uncomfortable at times.
Doctor: Okay. And have you opened your bowels normally? Have you opened your bowels normally? You've been to the toilet?
Patient: I had problems, but this week it seems to be.
Doctor: What problems did you have last week?
Patient: Like I was constipated for a week. Like I was having problems.
Doctor: Okay. And what about this week?
Patient: Yeah, it seems to be okay. It's fine now.
Doctor: Are you going to the toilet every day?
Patient: Yeah.
Doctor: Is it still normal or diarrhea or hard stool?
Patient: Not like last.
Doctor: And you said you'd had some vaginal bleeding?
Patient: Yes, yes.
Doctor: Is that since your period stopped?
Patient: Yeah, my period stopped like last two weeks ago. And this is different. I can. I can see it because it's not really like dark, it's just light pink color. So I don't know what is it? I cannot say exactly what it is, but I can see it in the.
Doctor: Any abnormal discharge, other discharge, or just this light bleeding?
Patient: There is no extra other vaginal discharge. Just.
Doctor: Okay. Any difficulty breathing or pain in your shoulders or anything like that?
Patient: No. No.
Doctor: And have you had a high temperature? Have you got a thermometer?
Patient: No, I don't.
Doctor: Do you feel feverish?
Patient: No.
Doctor: And do you feel faint when you stand up?
Patient: No.
Doctor: What have you been doing for the last few days? Have you been at work as normal or had to stay at home?
Patient: Yes, I have been. I'm doing. I work other activities like cooking and stuff. It seems okay. Just when I get the pain, it's just very bad.
Doctor: Okay, but you said the pain is constant there all the time or is it getting worse from time to time?
Patient: It is getting worse. Okay.
Doctor: Have you had any other medical problems in the past?
Patient: Yeah, I have allergy. I have Amy.
Doctor: Pardon?
Patient: Ammo. Excellent allergy.
Doctor: Okay. Anything else? Have you had any operations?
Patient: No.
Doctor: Have you had any pregnancies?
Patient: No.
Doctor: Have you taken a pregnancy test this time?
Patient: Yeah, I did.
Doctor: When was that?
Patient: Yeah, around like a month ago.
Doctor: Okay, but not since you've had the abdominal pain. Okay. And any surgery in the past? And what's your job day to day?
Patient: Yeah, I'm a teacher.
Doctor: Okay. And who do you live with at home?
Patient: My husband and my husband's family.
Doctor: Okay. And do you smoke or drink alcohol? You take any other drugs?
Patient: No.
Doctor: Have you been abroad recently?
Patient: Yes.
Doctor: Whereabouts to?
Patient: About a year.
Doctor: Pardon? Oh, a year ago. Not recently? No. And any problems passing water?
Patient: No.
Doctor: Any pain or strong smell or having to go more often than normal?
Patient: I. I don't really. I have noticed that I don't really go often like before. So, yeah, I do. I do drink a lot though.
Doctor: Right. Okay. And any chain, Any weight loss or blood in the stool or urine?
Patient: Yes, I have. As I said, I have some. I can see some discharge and bleeding, but then I do Other than that, there is not discharge.
Doctor: Fine. I think with the abdominal pain as it's getting worse and it's been going on for the last few days, it would be very helpful to be able to examine you properly. Would you be happy to have an examination with the doctor? Okay, so what we can do is we can arrange a face to face examination where they can see you in a clinic and do an abdominal examination and advise further from them when we've got more of an idea what's called the problem. Would you be happy to call the support line and arrange that appointment?
Patient: Yes.
Doctor: Okay, that's fine. So we'll, we'll do that. In the meantime, if it gets a lot worse or you. You're not holding any fluids down, then we should see you before then. Did you say your pregnancy test was a month ago?
Patient: Yes.
Doctor: Okay. And your Implanon was just put in a year ago?
Patient: Yes.
Doctor: The other thing we would need to do is to do a pregnancy test today if possible. So if you can do that today and if it's positive, we need to see you straight away. So give us a call back. Okay? Have you got any other questions? Right, okay, so if you call the support line and make an appointment, we'll go from there.
Patient: Thanks.
