Doctor: Oh, Hello. Hello, I'm Dr. Geraghty. Oh, can I take your full name, date of birth and your home address, please?
Patient: Yeah, it's Five Kings Place.
Doctor: And are you in your date of birth?
Patient: It's the 20th of the 4th, 1990.
Doctor: Okay. And are you in a private place you can have a confidential consultation today?
Patient: Yes, I am.
Doctor: What can I do for you today?
Patient: I've got a really bad headache. Had it for about a day now.
Doctor: Okay, and can you just tell me about how it started? What were you doing when it came on?
Patient: Yeah, just since yesterday morning, Since I woke up, really. Just, yeah, kind of throbbing headache. Haven't really wanted to leave the house much since then.
Doctor: Okay. And whereabouts in your head is the pain?
Patient: Mainly on the left side.
Doctor: Okay. What does it feel like?
Patient: It just kind of feels like it's throbbing. It's quite intense or comes and goes? Yeah. Quite sensitive to light? Yeah, quite painful.
Doctor: When you say it comes and goes, does it completely go away?
Patient: Just kind of fade? So it's still there a little bit, but it kind of gets more or less severe.
Doctor: Okay. And any. Any other symptoms that you've had? Any problems with your eyes or your eyesight?
Patient: No, not at all.
Doctor: Any abnormal smells or tastes?
Patient: No.
Doctor: Any. Any nausea, vomiting?
Patient: No, no, I've been feeling fine, actually.
Doctor: And have you been eating and drinking? Okay?
Patient: Yes, yes, same as normal. Okay.
Doctor: And normally, do you get any headaches?
Patient: No, not really. It's not something I've ever had before.
Doctor: Okay, and has it occurred at a particular time in your menstrual cycle?
Patient: No, not particularly. My period was about a week ago.
Doctor: Right, okay. And how were you the day before it came on? Have you had any other symptoms like feeling feverish, temperature, any runny nose, sore ears?
Patient: No, not really. Any sort of cold symptoms? I was doing okay the day before.
Doctor: Okay. And at the moment, how are you feeling?
Patient: It's still pretty bad. Yeah, sort of. Kind of throbbing. Yeah.
Doctor: Have you had any changes in your skin?
Patient: No, skin's been fine.
Doctor: Have you checked your temperature at all? Have you got a thermometer at home?
Patient: I haven't. I don't feel like I'm feverish, but I haven't checked.
Doctor: And any problems with weakness, tingling, numbness in your arms or legs?
Patient: No, not at all.
Doctor: And what have you been doing since it came on? Have you been able to go to.
Patient: Work or have you been at home taking some painkillers? Mainly been at home, yeah. Just kind of. Kind of seems to be worse when I'm in a light room or like sunlight. So I've kind of been slightly staying in as much as possible.
Doctor: Okay. Does it get worse with any position that you're in? Is it worse when you lie flat or when you bend forward?
Patient: No, I think I've generally been lying down. Seems to be better that way.
Doctor: Any problems if you cough or sneeze?
Patient: No, but I haven't really got a cough or anything.
Doctor: Okay, can you just tell me a bit about your medical history? In the past, have you had any significant medical problems? Any hospital admissions, operations, anything like that?
Patient: No, not recently. Nothing.
Doctor: Do you take any medication?
Patient: No, just contraception.
Doctor: And which contraception do you take?
Patient: Microgynon.
Doctor: When did you start that one?
Patient: About six years ago.
Doctor: Do you get any side effects from it?
Patient: Not really, no. Not too much.
Doctor: Okay. And anyone in your family had any medical problems?
Patient: My mum had high blood pressure and she's got a history of migraines. Affected me before.
Doctor: And have you had your blood pressure checked for recently?
Patient: I haven't actually, no.
Doctor: Have you had it checked when you've had the repeat prescription done?
Patient: Yeah, yeah.
Doctor: Do you know if there's been any problems with it?
Patient: It's always been fine, I think.
Doctor: Okay. And whereabouts, whereabouts do you live at the moment you give me your address to you. Who do you live with at home?
Patient: Just with housemates, just friends.
Doctor: Okay. Do you drink much alcohol day today?
Patient: I'd say a normal amount probably, you know, a few drinks at the weekend.
Doctor: Okay. Do you smoke?
Patient: No.
Doctor: Do you take any other drugs of any sort?
Patient: No.
Doctor: So see, what tablets did you say you've been taking already?
Patient: Sorry?
Doctor: What tablets have you been taking already for it?
Patient: Just paracetamol. I'm allergic to aspirin, so I haven't been taking that.
Doctor: What happens when you get. When you take aspirin?
Patient: I just feel really sick.
Doctor: Okay. And have you ever taken any non steroidal anti inflammatories like ibuprofen, naproxen, anything like that?
Patient: I have in the past. I haven't been taking it last few days.
Doctor: Okay, so this headache is new to you and you've not had regular headaches before?
Patient: Yeah.
Doctor: What I would suggest is taking some anti inflammatories along with a paracetamol.
Patient: Okay.
Doctor: You said you're eating okay?
Patient: Yeah, yeah.
Doctor: I mean from the sounds of it, it does sound quite like a migraine, but obviously even had no history of that in the past. And has anything changed recently or any. Anything you've done recently might have triggered it?
Patient: Not I can think of maybe a bit stressed out of work, that kind of thing.
Doctor: Yeah, well, that would be the first thing to do is to take some anti inflammatories along with a paracetamol. Make sure you're really well hydrated and see how that goes. And if it isn't settling or it's getting worse or you get any other change in your headache or you're unwell with it with a high temperature, then we would certainly need to speak to you straight away about that. The other thing is if you're getting persistent headaches or headaches associated with your menstrual cycle or sexual, certain things seem to trigger these headaches, then it would be worth having a further discussion about it to see whether we can work out if we can help that longer term.
Patient: Okay, brilliant. Thank you.
Doctor: I would try and manage to get your blood pressure checked if you haven't had a chat for a while. Another thing to do is to have a thermometer at home so you make sure that your temperature is okay. Yep. If you have a raised temperature or headaches just getting worse and we develop any rashes or anything like that, then we'd need to speak to you straight away.
Patient: Yep. Okay, that's brilliant. Okay, so I'll take to my program and I'll hopefully be a bit better in a day or two then.
Doctor: Okay. So have you got any other questions?
Patient: No, that was it today.
Doctor: Okay. Okay, then we'll speak to you again.
Patient: Okay, brilliant. Thanks so much.
Doctor: Thank you so much. Bye.
