Doctor: Hi there. It's Dr. Smith from Babylon. Hi there. Could you give me your full name, date of birth and the first line of your address, please? Your full name, date of birth and your address, please?
Patient: Yeah, my name is Barbara Cole. On my date of birth, 4th of October, 1984.
Doctor: Okay.
Patient: And address? 52 and Avenue.
Doctor: Okay. Are you in a private place you can have a confidential consultation today?
Patient: Yes, I am.
Doctor: What can I do for you?
Patient: I've just been stooling for the past couple of days. I've been having the serious diarrhea and it's really giving me trouble.
Doctor: Okay, so when did it start?
Patient: Three days ago now.
Doctor: Okay, and when you say diarrhea, what do you mean by that? Is it watery or just loose?
Patient: It's very loose, but it started as being very watery.
Doctor: Okay. And how many times are you going to the toilet?
Patient: I lost count. Today alone, I've been at least four times.
Doctor: Okay. And any. Any high temperatures or you feeling feverish?
Patient: Yes, I've been running at serious temperature. I'm literally boiling.
Doctor: Have you checked your temperature with the thermometer?
Patient: No, because I've not got one. But like, to the touch, I'm like, literally roasting.
Doctor: Okay. And any nausea or vomiting?
Patient: Yes, I've been throwing up. I can't keep to. I can't seem to be able to keep anything in me. Not even water, not even my tea, not even any liquid stuff. I've just been throwing up everything.
Doctor: Okay, and when. When were you last sick?
Patient: I was sick just after trying. Trying to have breakfast this morning, so maybe about two hours ago.
Doctor: Okay. And have you been passing water? Okay.
Patient: Yeah, I've been. I've been. Yeah. Urinating. Okay. Is that what you mean?
Doctor: Yes, yeah. Urinating, yeah. Any. What sort of color is the urine?
Patient: To be honest, I can't know how to look, so I really couldn't see.
Doctor: Okay. And when did you last pass urine, do you think?
Patient: At least an hour ago.
Doctor: Okay. And any blood in the stool or in the urine that you've noticed?
Patient: No blood.
Doctor: Okay. Any episodes like this before? How's your bowels normally?
Patient: Sorry, I didn't catch.
Doctor: How's your bowels normally?
Patient: My bowels is normally fine. I would normally go to the toilet every day.
Doctor: Episodes of diarrhea or constipation? Normally, no. And is there anything you think might have triggered this off? You been abroad anywhere?
Patient: No, but then my. My brother has actually been having similar symptoms for the past few days as well. And he does say, like, everyone in school's got it, so I don't know, that might. That might be from him.
Doctor: So you've been in contact with him, have you?
Patient: Yes.
Doctor: Okay. And any other medical problems? Have you had any other symptoms at the moment, like rash?
Patient: No, no rash, no. Nothing.
Doctor: Okay. Any surgery before or abdominal problems or any other medical issues?
Patient: Well, apart from the fact that this one is giving me abdominal pains. No previous abdominal pains before I get the odd, you know, menstrual cramps and all that, but, you know, that's, you know, that comes and goes.
Doctor: Okay. And whereabouts is the pain that you're getting?
Patient: It's kind of like towards my navel area. Like, I can't touch my navel area. It's just so sore and it gets. Yeah, towards like, the center of my navel.
Doctor: And does the pain come and go?
Patient: Yes, it does come. When it comes, I feel the strong urge to go to the loo and then sort of releases me and sort of like, comes again. It comes and goes.
Doctor: Okay. And do you take any medication regularly?
Patient: Well, I take my vitamins, Vitamin D every day. That's about all that I regularly take.
Doctor: And have you got a normal diet?
Patient: Yeah, I eat well normally.
Doctor: Right. Do you smoke or drink alcohol?
Patient: Well, I don't smoke, but, you know, I have a pint from time to time.
Doctor: And do you take any other drugs?
Patient: No, like I said, I only take vitamins for my menstrual cramps when it comes. Maybe I might take a naprine just to eat the pain.
Doctor: When was your last period?
Patient: Two weeks ago.
Doctor: Okay. Are you on any contraception?
Patient: No.
Doctor: Are you having regular sexual intercourse?
Patient: No.
Doctor: Okay. And what's your job?
Patient: I'm a graphics designer.
Doctor: Have you had to miss work because of this problem?
Patient: Well, yes, I've had to actually work from home today. I'm working from home today because I can't.
Doctor: Okay. And who do you live with at home?
Patient: I live with my brother and my mum.
Doctor: Okay. And have you tried anything yourself for this problem?
Patient: Well, I've tried a home remedy. I've tried the ORs, you know, thing I bought from my local. My local.
Doctor: Can you just Repeat that?
Patient: The ORs. The. The salt, sugar, ORs mix. The salt, sugar mix.
Doctor: Okay. And how often have you been taking that?
Patient: I've taken that. I've taken that, like three times a day for the past two days.
Doctor: Okay. And do you feel like your symptoms are easing off or getting worse or.
Patient: To be honest, they're not getting any better because, like I said, I've been vomiting literally everything I take, so I doubt that even that has had the chance to work.
Doctor: Okay. I mean, it sounds like because your brother's had a similar thing, it sounds like it might be an infectious gastroenteritis that you've got, which is usually caused by a virus, but it can be from something you've eate as well. If the symptoms, they do normally start to settle by themselves with the oral rehydration salts. If the symptoms are continuing to get worse. The key thing is that we want to make sure that you're hydrated enough. Sometimes you do require certain medication to help this if it's. Sometimes if it's caused by a bacteria, what I would say probably worth. As it's been going on for a few days and you feel like it's not starting to ease off, I think it's probably important to get a sample of the stool so we can make sure that you haven't got a nasty bacterial infection which needs specific treatment.
Patient: Okay.
Doctor: And we should also check that you're not getting dehydrated because if you're not keeping fluid down that you can get dehydrated.
Patient: How do I get myself hydrated when I'm not able to even like drink water? I'm throwing up everything.
Doctor: Yeah. So you need to carry on with your rehydration salts and just have very small amounts. It's a positive sign that you passed urine an hour ago. So you're obviously still hydrated enough to pass urine. But we should see you so that we can check your hydration and get that sample sent off as soon as possible. Because if you come into the clinic, you can send that sample off straight away. Otherwise we would have to post it out to you, which would take time.
Patient: Okay, so when can I come to the clinic to have this done?
Doctor: So we can, we can make you an urgent appointment and then you can, you can get the sample sent off and we can check your hydration. But if in the meantime you're feeling more unwell, then we would get you seen urgently in ae.
Patient: Okay.
Doctor: So you could call us back in the meantime.
Patient: Okay, so what I'll do, yeah. If you could please book me the appointment and yeah, I'll see how I feel before the end of the day. Hopefully I don't need to go to A and E.
Doctor: Keep drinking, keep going with the rehydration salts. Just tiny sips constantly so that your stomach doesn't get overfilled and you vomit. So just tiny, tiny sips, but just keep going with it. And just have very simple food. If you're going to have anything like two toast or biscuit or something really light like that. Avoid fruit, vegetables, milk, anything like that, which might just make it worse. Okay, so you're happy to book an appointment through the support line?
Patient: Yes, please.
Doctor: Right. Okay. We'll do that for you. Okay, take care.
Patient: Thank you.
Doctor: Thanks. Bye.
