Doctor: Hi there.
Patient: It's Dr. Smith from Babylon. Can you confirm your name, date of birth and your home address, please? I can't hear you at the moment, actually. Could you turn the volume up? Yeah, that's better. Thank you.
Doctor: Okay. Sorry about that.
Patient: Are you in a private place you can have a consultation?
Doctor: Yes.
Patient: What can I do for you today?
Doctor: I've been having this blinding headache for a few days and it's, like, really bothering me and I find it very hard to focus or like I can't even go to work.
Patient: Okay. And any headaches in the past before this?
Doctor: Not really. Just the on and off. I recently had one product, two days, but it just went away with ibuprofen. So nothing like for longer than two days before.
Patient: So how did this start?
Doctor: It just started all of a sudden. I woke up one morning with a headache, and that was three days ago. And I just keep having. It doesn't really go away without ibuprofen either. I try that, but it just. It gets a little bit better, but doesn't go away.
Patient: Okay. And whereabouts in your head is the pain?
Doctor: It's kind of all over, but I feel like over. My right eye is a bit stronger.
Patient: Okay. Any problems with your vision or any problems tolerating the light?
Doctor: Lights definitely make me more sensitive. I don't really like strong lights. And yeah, vision. I think I get this shooting light sometimes. Not sure how to explain it. Just a bit of a weird kind of vision.
Patient: Okay. And any. Any nausea or vomiting?
Doctor: No, I'm feeling a bit sick, but no vomiting.
Patient: Any tingling or numbness or weakness anywhere?
Doctor: No.
Patient: Any change in your smell or taste?
Doctor: No, not at all.
Patient: And in the past, when you've had headaches, what have they been like?
Doctor: I would say quite normal headaches. Just a bit of a pressure in between my eyes, but nothing major.
Patient: Okay. And with. With this, has it been there all the time or is it coming and.
Doctor: Going kind of all the time? So when I take ibuprofen, it gets a bit better, so it's a bit like less. It bothers me less, but then I still have it still there.
Patient: And what would you say the severity is if 10 is the worst pain you've ever had and 0 is nothing, what would you say the pain is like?
Doctor: I guess it's mostly eight, and then it comes down to maybe a five.
Patient: Okay. And what about at nighttime? Are you able to fall asleep?
Doctor: Yeah, I'm sleeping.
Patient: Well, is it waking you up in the nighttime?
Doctor: No, no, but I can wake up with it in the morning.
Patient: Okay. Any worse when you change position or bend over or cough or anything? Like.
Doctor: Sometimes when I stand up quickly, I get a bit of a stabbing pain or if I turn my head, I kind of feel like something is moving inside.
Patient: Okay, and have you had any eye checks recently?
Doctor: Yeah, actually had one recently and nothing changed my vision.
Patient: Okay, and have you had any cold symptoms, sore throat, sore ears or pain over the sinuses, any or phlegm, any nosebleeds or coffee, acne, blood or anything?
Doctor: No.
Patient: And just recently have you been well or have you had any general problems? Any change in your weight or tiredness, lack of energy, anything like that?
Doctor: No. Change of weight, maybe lack of energy, but maybe because I'm just having this headache. So I find it quite difficult to get through my daily activities. But you know, when you have this constant headache.
Patient: Been at work recently?
Doctor: I work from home, but couldn't really manage to do it all the time, so sometimes I just do the day off.
Patient: So you've been. You've had a headache over three days? How many days have you missed off work?
Doctor: So I work from home all these three days and first day I work from home and then the second day I just do the whole day off. And today I just tried to work from home the first half of the day, but I just stopped in the morning because I couldn't focus.
Patient: Okay. And any other medical problems in the past?
Doctor: I think I only had the abdominal pain when I was younger, but no cause was found and that went away, but that's the only thing I know of.
Patient: Okay. Have you been abroad recently at all?
Doctor: No.
Patient: Do you take any medications?
Doctor: Just the pill.
Patient: Which one?
Doctor: Marcelone.
Patient: And when did you start that?
Doctor: About a year ago.
Patient: Any side effects with that?
Doctor: No, I don't think so.
Patient: Have you noticed any increased frequency of headaches since you started that?
Doctor: No, because this headache is just very recent. Nothing really changes.
Patient: Okay. And when you. When you've had. When you described your headaches in the past, you said they were just general. Did you have any visual symptoms? Flashlights?
Doctor: No.
Patient: Nausea? Vomiting with them?
Doctor: No, nothing, none of that.
Patient: Your blood pressure checked recently with your pill?
Doctor: Yeah, I had it checked in the pharmacy when I got the pill and they said it was normal.
Patient: And when was that?
Doctor: A year ago.
Patient: Okay. And any allergies to anything?
Doctor: No.
Patient: And who do you live with at home? Sorry? Who do you live with at home?
Doctor: Just by myself.
Patient: Okay. And do you smoke?
Doctor: No.
Patient: Do you drink any alcohol regularly?
Doctor: Yeah.
Patient: How much in a normal week, do you think?
Doctor: Probably like three beers once a Week.
Patient: Okay. And do you take any other drugs at all?
Doctor: No, apart from the ibuprofen I take sometimes and the headache gets really bad, so.
Patient: I mean, it's obviously the first time you've had such a bad headache. And you said you'd had some altered light in front of your eyes as well.
Doctor: Yeah.
Patient: But you haven't had a high temperature. Have you checked your temperature?
Doctor: No, I didn't, but I don't really feel feverish or anything.
Patient: Okay. I mean, it could possibly be a migraine type headache, but it's ongoing for three days. We probably should book you into an appointment to get an examination. Obviously, if it settles in the meantime, then we can cancel that, but we should do a neurological examination, look at the back of your eyes as well.
Doctor: Okay.
Patient: In terms of medication, I can prescribe you something similar to ibuprofen, but a bit stronger, which you can take instead of ibuprofen, and you can take paracetamol at the same time.
Doctor: Okay.
Patient: So if you're happy to book an appointment with us with the support line for us to do a full examination and start the medication which I prescribed you, take it with food if you're. You said that when you go to bed, your headache's okay and not waking you up in the nighttime.
Doctor: Yeah, it's not. But you mentioned migraine and that reminded me that my mum suffers from, like, she has migraines.
Patient: Okay. Any other family history of medical problems?
Doctor: No, I didn't answer it, but I know that my mom, like, she has quite bad migraines. She's like. Has the vomiting and everything.
Patient: Okay, that's fine. I mean, if in the meantime, before your appointment, your headache is getting unbearable, getting worse or changing, then if it's that bad, then you should go to AE and have an examination. You can call us for further advice on that.
Doctor: Okay.
Patient: When you have an examination with us, we'll check your blood pressure as well, just to make sure your pill is still appropriate for you. Because if we do think it's a migraine, then you would have to change your pill. If you've had these flashing lights and things like that.
Doctor: Is there anything in the pill that can cause it or is it.
Patient: Well, that pill, if you were having regular migraines with flashing lights or other symptoms, it wouldn't be suitable to stay on that pill particularly. We'd have to change it something else. All right, but you can carry on with that for the moment.
Doctor: Okay.
Patient: Have you got any other questions?
Doctor: So would you like send me a referral to a specialist or.
Patient: Yeah, book an appointment with the support team. Then we can do a full examination then.
Doctor: Okay, Perfect.
Patient: All right, then. Take care.
Doctor: Thank you very much.
Patient: Bye.
