Doctor: Hi there, it's Dr. Smith from Babylon.
Patient: Hi there.
Doctor: Hi. Can you confirm your name, date of birth and your home address please?
Patient: Yeah, it's Matt CARTER and it's 14th of August 1989. And what was the last bit?
Doctor: Your address?
Patient: It's 1 Babylon Avenue.
Doctor: And are you in a private place where you can have a consultation today? Yes, what can I do for you?
Patient: Coming. I don't really know what's been going on, but it's just aching all over. Definitely the last six weeks. It might have been slightly longer than that, but it's just sort of that feeling really tired, run down.
Doctor: Okay. So when do you think you were last? Well.
Patient: Where are we now? We just started April, definitely Christmas, New Year. I felt relatively well, I think so since then actually. Yeah, I. I was on holiday in, in the States and yeah, it probably coincided with sometime around then, end of January, start of Feb. Do you think.
Doctor: It started when you were on holiday or after you got back?
Patient: Probably a couple of weeks after I got back.
Doctor: Were you well, when you were on holiday?
Patient: Yeah, I had a great time, Very active.
Doctor: Did you get any infections, chest infections, diarrhea, vomiting, anything like that?
Patient: No, not that I recall. Yeah, not. No, the symptoms sort of all started afterwards.
Doctor: Okay, so just tell me what symptoms you've been having in terms of just your general health. Any persistent cold symptoms or earaches, sore throat, chest, chest, cough, shortness of breath, phlegm, anything like that?
Patient: No.
Doctor: Any change in your weight at all?
Patient: I don't think so. I'm probably less hungry, but. No, no weight change? Just a bit.
Doctor: Are you eating different amounts?
Patient: Yeah, probably slightly smaller portions or. Yeah, more of an effort to actually eat everything that's in front of me.
Doctor: Any difficulty swallowing or acid in your throat or abdominal pain?
Patient: No.
Doctor: Any change in your bowel habit, diarrhea, vomiting or blood in the stool?
Patient: No.
Doctor: Any difficulty passing urine or blood in the urine?
Patient: No, that's all fine.
Doctor: Okay. And any other general symptoms like rashes?
Patient: I don't have any rashes now. In fact, I've got a photo on my phone if that's helpful. Okay, try and show you. Hang on. Because this. Yeah, this was weird. This sort of camera came up and then disappeared after a couple of weeks. That was the light. I don't know that.
Doctor: Yeah. Whereabouts was it?
Patient: I think sort of calf, back of my calf because I didn't notice it. My wife noticed it actually.
Doctor: When did you first notice it?
Patient: Probably around the end of February, the middle to end of that. And then it like it didn't actually cause too much itching or anything at the time and I. It faded over a couple of weeks I guess.
Doctor: Did you have any fevers at that time?
Patient: To be honest that actually coincided with a bit of a sore throat I had so possibly a little bit feverish but I sort of put it down to that.
Doctor: Do you know where you got that when it started? Had you been walking? Did you get any bites that you noticed?
Patient: I definitely like. I do quite a lot of walking and we did quite a lot while we were out in the. On holiday as well. But definitely yeah, I mean I don't recall any bites. I don't remember seeing anything bitten. But you often like. Yeah, as you're walking through. I was in shorts and boots.
Doctor: Whereabouts where are you in the States?
Patient: Just sort of near Yosemite.
Doctor: Okay. And any headaches, blurred vision, tingling, numbness?
Patient: No sort of headache maybe in just generally feeling a bit crappy.
Doctor: And have you been able to go to work as usual?
Patient: I've been going to work. I don't know how effective it's been but yeah.
Doctor: What's your job?
Patient: I work for a health technology company actually.
Doctor: Okay. And has your concentration been affected or your tiredness levels in the daytime at work?
Patient: Yeah, definitely sort of tired and yeah, less energy of probably less engaged than I would normally be.
Doctor: Have you been able to exercise? Okay.
Patient: Not as much. I don't know if it's. I haven't been able to or I've just been a bit lazy with it. I'm not exercising as much as I would normally.
Doctor: Okay. And how's your mental health, your stress levels?
Patient: I look pretty good at the moment actually. Like previously that has been an issue but other than sort of physically feeling a bit crappy, I've yeah in a pretty good place.
Doctor: Okay. Apart from that rash, any other rashes on your skin or swelling of your joints or pain in your joints?
Patient: Yeah, sort of aching shoulders, back the hips, knees.
Doctor: But sort of swelling that you've noticed?
Patient: No.
Doctor: What hands, wrists, ankles, toes?
Patient: No.
Doctor: Okay. And any other significant medical problems in the past?
Patient: I mean.
Doctor: Pardon?
Patient: Asthma and hay fever if they can.
Doctor: Okay. Any flare ups? You've got asthma recently?
Patient: No. Pretty well controlled.
Doctor: Do you take any regular inhalers or other medication?
Patient: Yeah, I've got one of those preventers I think. Yeah but I've not used my.
Doctor: You haven't been using it?
Patient: I've been using the. Every day for the morning and night but not the W4 or. Not.
Doctor: Okay. And any. Do you take any other medications?
Patient: I take one of the anti inflammatory, it might be tyrazine. Can I get that from just from the pharmacy?
Doctor: Yeah, that's fine. And do you smoke?
Patient: No.
Doctor: Drink any alcohol?
Patient: Occasionally. That one.
Doctor: Okay. And who do you live with at home?
Patient: Just my wife.
Doctor: Sorry. So with this rash, we would need to investigate whether this has been a contributing factor to your symptoms. And just because of your symptoms, which have been ongoing for six weeks, that's obviously quite a long time to notice a change in your energy levels. I think it's important to get some blood tests, checking all the normal things like liver, kidneys, blood count, etc. But also some more specific things like bacterial infection you can sometimes get, including one that you can get which can produce a rash like that. So that would involve blood tests. Are you happy to do that?
Patient: Yeah, I'm generally happy with blood tests. What's the infection?
Doctor: Well, you can get bacterial infection caused, it's called Lyme disease that you can get a rash from a tick note. So that's something we would do a test for as well.
Patient: Okay.
Doctor: And if that comes back positive, then there are specific antibiotics that we would give you to treat it. So it's definitely worth checking for. But we would also check just for other things which can cause reduced energy, tiredness and aching for persistent over six weeks.
Patient: Okay.
Doctor: So if you're happy to do that, if you book that through the support line and then when you've had the test, arrange a follow up about a week after, after you've had the test done.
Patient: Okay. So do the test first and then and that follow up we can just do over the phone again.
Doctor: Yeah, yeah, we can do that over the phone to start with.
Patient: Excellent. Okay, that's really helpful. Thank you very much. Oh, sorry, you broke up a bit there.
Doctor: Any other questions?
Patient: Oh, no, not. No.
Doctor: Okay, that's great. Take care.
Patient: Take care. Thank you.
Doctor: Sorry.
